Warner was the backup quarterback for the St. Louis Rams during the 1998 regular season and the 1999 preseason. When their main quarterback Trent Green was injured in a preseason game, Warner became the starter.
Royal Rumble was the twentieth yearly Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Janko Prunk, is a Slovenian historian of modern history.
The Balalaika family includes the prima balalaika, sekunda balalaika, alto balalaika, bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika. They all have three strings and two of them are tuned to the same note.
He became Prime Minister two days before the Great Depression began.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
The number five is also an odd number.
While serving with that unit, he gained a reputation for making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion.
The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen, and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin.
The Washington Post is Washington, D.C's largest newspaper.
It is also its oldest and was founded in 1977.
This can be used to scale the graphical quotation marks up and down to suit larger or smaller quotes.
They are best known for songs including "Carry on Wayward Son" and "Dust in The Wind".
TU Dresden is a campus university, This means that most of its buildings are in one area rather than being spread out across the city.
Its county seat is Lenoir.
In September 2009, both Warner Music Group and Youtube decided on a new amount of money.
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world.
Alfonso Pérez is a former Spanish football player.
Shrines are common in Muslim countries.
Archaeological digs in 1885 and 1944 have uncovered stilt houses from the Stone and Bronze Ages.
The orbital elements given here are as of January 2000, but they are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.
The Evangelical Church in Germany is a series of 23 regional Lutheran, Reformed and United Protestant churches.
Before 2001 the Civil Aviation Authority handled air traffic control.
On the west, it connects a major river delta of Shatt al-Arab.
In this river delta, waters of two big rivers of the area flow into: the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris rivers.
At Judgment Day James successfully defended the Women's Championship against Phoenix and Melina in a Triple Threat match.
In the United Kingdom, civil partnerships have identical legal status to a marriage, and partners have all the same benefits and legal rights; ranging from tax exemptions and joint property rights, to next-of-kin status and shared parenting responsibilities.
Sometimes the city calls "Yeşil Bursa" which means "Green Bursa" because of the large parks, forests and gardens in the urban area of the city. 
Bursa is home of Uludağ University.
She was 36 years old.
It was created as a customs port on 1 January 1894.
This was four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port.
Hofstetten-Fl üh is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
La Mina won camping essentials and the power to choose which member of Casaya would be sent to Exile Island at the Reward Challenge.
Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy.
Every five years, all Germans over the age of 18 elect the members of the Rhineland-Palatinate Parliament.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the twenty-eighth and last storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
A hellhound is a supernatural dog, found in mythology, folklore and fiction.
Greene agreed that she could earn more by leaving 20th Century Fox.
The glacier flows at a rate of 20-35 metres per day, resulting in around 20 billion tons of icebergs breaking off and leaving the fjord every year.
Brightness and hope and devotion.
The population was 144.
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics.
The areas that will show 'white' are cut away with a knife or chisel.
This leaves behind the image to show in 'black' at the original surface level.
Bhopal city also called as the city of Lakes.
Bhopal is also headquarter of Bhopal District.
Grand View is a city of Idaho in the United States.
The quartet has also performed at the Vienna Musikverein and the Amsterdam Concertgebouw.
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tracy killed 71 people, caused $ 837 million in damage and destroyed more than 70 % of Darwin's buildings, including 80 % of the houses.
The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2000-2005.
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph winds that afternoon.
Sergio Rodríguez García is a Spanish football player.
He plays for Hércules.
Many are fitted with highly modified Volkswagen engines and a few have engines from such cars as the Ford Pinto, Chevrolet Corvair, Porsche, Mazda, Subaru or other four - to eight-cylinder water-cooled engines.
Steinbeck won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962.
The blackest day in Merckx's career was in 1969, when he crashed in a derny race towards the end of the season.
Weighing just 65 pounds, and 3 feet 7 inches tall, he became the shortest player in the history of the major league baseball.
It is administered by the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
For the next two days, the city of Amritsar was quiet, but violence continued in other parts of the Punjab.
Endemic types are most likely to develop on islands because they are isolated.
A Kilner jar is a jar that has a rubber ring to seal the top.
The names of Titania and the other four moons of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel's son John Herschel in 1852 at the request of William Lassell, who had found Ariel and Umbriel the year before.
Thomas Eastoe Abbott was an English poet, born in East Dereham, Norfolk.
'Pan' in pansori means 'a place where many people gather', and 'sori' means 'sound'.
The Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums.
Gabriel takes Farrell and escapes with the data before McClane can reach him.
Asexuality is a sexual orientation.
In the European Middle Ages, the herb was placed under pillows.
This was done to help sleep and ward off nightmares.
In Demand would show movies, concerts, and other events at prices between $ 3.99 to $ 49.99. HBO and Showtime would offer championship boxing, with prices between $ 14.99 to $ 54.99.
Southampton Tramways were mainly affected by staffing issues during World War I.
To try and stop this women were allowed to become "conductorettes".
Albacete Balompié is a football club which plays in Spain.
Momentum is a conserved quantity.
This means that the total amount of momentum in a closed system never changes.
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.
Most carnivorous sponges live in deep waters, up to 8840 m, and the development of deep-ocean exploration techniques is expected to lead to the discovery of several more.
He claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies about the world reformer of the end times.
Whilst there was not much change to the existing weather symbols new symbols giving information Pollen and Sun levels were introduced.
Joe and Ratso talked and joked during most of the trip, but Ratso died before they arrived.
Joe realized how much he had cared about Ratso as a person, and that what he'd missed most in his life was someone to be close with.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a test for college admissions in the United States.
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters.
"The Novels of Jane Austen" was put in print in Blackwood's Magazine in 1859.
In there, Lewes praised Austen's books for "the economy of easy adaptation of means to ends, with no aid from superfluous elements".
He was the second African American to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
Wolfgang Fahrian is a former German football player.
A digital EP featuring Jessica, Tiffany, and Seohyun was released on April 2008, titled Roommate.
It is said that he was killed by a tortoise which fell out of the sky after it was dropped by an eagle.
The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.
There was also a proposal for an extension from Victoria to Fulham Broadway station on the District Line, but this was not included in the Bill.
It is commonly referred to as "Monte Carlo" because it is largely inside the Monte Carlo neighborhood of Monaco.
At age 19, Lei moved to Florida with her mother.
In Florida, she went to The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale.
Guitar Hero Encor: Rocks the 80s is a video game for the PlayStation 2 consoles.
It is part of the Guitar Hero series of games.
There have been suggestions about having non-Norwegian members in the committee, but this has never happened.
Real heat engines are often confused with the ideal engines or cycles they attempt to mimic.
They called the port Menestheus's port.
Queen's Park have won the Scottish Cup the third most amount of times, behind Rangers and Celtic.
Forecasters orginially predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas; as such, a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse.
The Assyrian Genocide was committed against the Assyrian/Syriac population of the Ottoman Empire during the First World War by the Young Turks.
Hamilton is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Valve Corporation is an American video game developer and digital distribution company located in Bellevue, Washington, USA.
Li Bai is often regarded, along with Du Fu, as one of the two greatest poets in China's literary history.
When Polgar refused to play under these conditions, FIDE declared that she had forfeited the title, and instead organized a match between Xie Jun and Alisa Galliamova for the Women's World Chess Championship, which was won by Xie Jun..
The band, while hugely successful in the United States, was less well known in their native UK and enjoyed only marginal success there.
Through MSN, people can create an e-mail account using MSN Hotmail, a blog using MSN Spaces, a group using MSN Groups and plenty more.
Kurt Ahrens Jr.
Christian won but Abyss took the title belt.
An article published in a German gynaecology journal in 1943 stated that women smoking three or more cigarettes per day were more likely to remain childless compared to nonsmoking women.
The player plays as Crypto, an alien.
He can shoot humans, use the jet pack, and use Psychokinesis at the same time.
Labalme is a commune.
Currently only implemented for determining if a number is within the precision that wikipedia expressions can handle.
Terry Gene Bollea, better known by his ring name as Hulk Hogan, is an American pro wrestler, he is Semi-Retired and is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Enclave countries are very rare, but Lesotho is one.
This makes Lesotho's relationship with South Africa very important to it.
Damage to buildings, equipment and people can result from a large-scale short-duration deflagration.
Their land is very hilly and difficult, but well cultivated in terraces.
Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981.
She did not perform so well at the World alround championships in Heerenveen, where she finished fifth, but she managed to win the 2006 - 07 Speed Skating World Cup on the ,000 and ,000 m track.
Leonese language writer, was born in Palacios del Sil in 1918 and died in León in 2007.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
In some countries, like the United States of America, Saturday is the seventh day of the week.
In other parts of the world Saturday is said to be the sixth day of the week.
After the Germany Reunification, the Linden Opera had links again with the operatic world.
In later life, Dukas became well known as a music teacher, with many famous students including Joaquín Rodrigo, Manuel Ponce, Maurice Duruflé, Xian Xinghai, Olivier Messiaen, Jehan Alain, Carlos Chávez, and David Van Vactor.
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion, Madison tried to make clear that the Republicans were not moving toward disunion.
Bellengreville, Calvados is a commune.
It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Marcus Tullius Cicero was a Roman statesman, lawyer, political theorist and philosopher.
Five years later the family reunited in Fresno, where his mother, Takoohi, had obtained work in a cannery.
Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king.
This was a very sensitive topic at the time as Poland was concerned that one day a German government would lay claim to some of the territory Germany lost after World War II.
Mysore Palace, Jaganmohan Palace, Chamundi Hills, Brindavan Gardens, and Mysore Zoo are the places to see in Mysore.
The Revised Julian calendar is a variation of the Julian calendar.
Christopher Eccleston is an English actor.
Johnson went on to say "You shaped the office of mayor.
He and Lev Kuleshov, two of the first film theorists, said that montage was the basis of film.
In 1991, Reubens was arrested for misbehaving in an adult movie theater; this ended the Pee-Wee craze and forced Reubens to stop playing the character.
Dylan is played by seven different actors in the movie: Marcus Carl Franklin, Ben Whishaw, Heath Ledger, Christian Bale, Richard Gere, and Cate Blanchett, who play people like Dylan but with different names.
Roman Catholic clergy wear a type of cape known as a ferraiolo, which is worn for formal events.
Csupó had never done a live-action film before.
However, he said it "did 't worry Granat in the least".
Romania is a secular state.
This means Romania has no national religion.
The speed and rate of rotation of the fluid are greatest at the center and become smaller with distance from the center.
The town has an area of 70.9 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.
A-type asteroids are fairly uncommon closer asteroids that have a strong, broad 1 µm olivine feature and a very reddish spectrum shortwards of 0.7 µm.
There are three subfamilies: Rubioideae, Cinchonoideae and Ixoroideae.
Teplyakov was born in the USSR on November 6, 1925.
Yunus marriage with Vera ended a few months after the birth of their baby girl, Monica Yunus. Vera returned to New Jersey and said that Bangladesh was not a good place to raise a baby.
Baseball caps have changed very little in recent decades.
Hector Berlioz was the first composer to call some of his compositions mélodies.
His Les Nuits ' Été is one of the greatest of all song cycles.
Jerome is a city of Idaho in the United States.
UNC Charlotte is in Mecklenburg County but is close Cabarrus and is easy to get to by driving on Interstate 85.
The FA Cup is a national football competition between all league clubs in England.
The winner of the FA Cup usually goes through to the UEFA Cup of the following season.
The uniform for a male Vice Lord-Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants is of a similar style, but with features to distinguish it from a Lord-Lieutenant.
In 2003, he returned to General Hospital as Luis' twin brother, Lorenzo Alcazar.
The following year, Fey was added to the cast of SNL.
Samuel Mathers, acting leader of the Golden Dawn organization, acted as his early mentor in western magic.
Transportation of abalone is only legal while the abalone is still attached to the shell.
The Deutsche Musikarchiv Berlin is the central collection of printed and recorded music and the music-bibliographic information center for Germany.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Karl Philipp Gottlieb von Clausewitz was a Prussian soldier who wrote about war and the military.
The initiative focused on defense instead on the offensive mutual assured destruction.
Originally, the system was very disorganized, but surface pressures slowly went down across the area, with a weak low pressure area forming on September 19.
Appeal to Reason is Rise Against's highest charting album, getting to number three on the Billboard 200 chart and selling 6,700 copies in its first week of release.
Panelists in the Oxygen version included Jim J. Bullock, Jason Kravits, Amy Yasbeck, and Teri Garr.
For programs not available in HD, unique stylized pillarboxes are used, the NBA logo with "NBA TV" under it, or alternately, just "NBA TV" sideways.
Students are forced to be at the central high school.
"When Chach, the Brahmim chamberlain who usurped the throne of Rajput King Sahasi II went to Brahmanabad, he enjoined upon the Jats and Lohanas not to carry swords, avoid velvet or silken cloth, ride horses without saddles and walk about bare-headed and bare-footed".
Ladakh is situated in the disputed territory, that is currently an Indian organized state of Jammu and Kashmir between the Kunlun mountain range in the north and the main Great Himalayas to the south.
The sad state of turn-of-the-century work is placed for the American public to see, suggesting that something needed to be changed to get rid of American "wage slavery".
Eva "Evangeline" St. Clare is St. Clare and Marie's angelic daughter.
She received good reviews as Lestrange, as she was described as a "shining but underused talent."
And if any of you can not use the money, I will see that you are all traded."
On the contrary, the underside is almost completely white, making the animal indistinguishable from brighter waters near the ocean surface.
Suffolk was founded in 1906 by Gleason Archer.
The dam provides about 3 % of China's electricity.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
These surprisingly simple and useful appliances are seen in growing numbers in almost every country of the world.
He returned to the festival in 1978 with a recital and as the Italian singer in Der Rosenkavalier, in 1983 with Idomeneo, and both in 1985 and 1988 with solo recitals.
The calculations for RAID 0 or RAID 1 are simple.
The test vehicle, which was used as an atmospheric drop test glider, had no propulsion system.
His father made Alexander Erskine, Earl of Mar, take care of him.
He did not let his mother take care of him.
Late in the season, the team was bought by Spyker.
The closest locality is Victoria, on the north side.
The Peshitta is the standard version of the Syriac Bible.
The British left Bahrain in 1971, making it an independent country.
The sales of more oil in the 1980s brought money to Bahrain, but even when the sales of oil decreased in later years, it did not cause as many problems in Bahrain as in other oil countries, because the economy of Bahrain had grown into other areas.
The following sections of this article gives an overview over the most important factors that determine the energy levels of atoms and molecules.
Other experimental observations can be explained by combining the overall expansion of space with nuclear and atomic physics.
It proposes the 30 Seconds to Mars among the best new rock artists.
During the storm, an earthquake shook the region.
It was names for General William Russell.
He was a soldier in the Revolutionary War in the United States.
This estimate is for May 6, 1996, very close to perihelion, while details vary somewhat with the seasons.
A later Government created the 28 metropolitan boroughs as lower tier authorities to replace the various local authorities in 1899; they assumed some powers of the LCC and shared others.
Critical reception for the movie has been negative.
With Bruce left over because of the odd number of players, he was given immunity and was sent to Exile Island for three days until tribal council and would join the tribe that lost the next Immunity Challenge.
Mattimeo is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1989.
Her father died in 1903.
She returned to Independence, Missouri to live with her mother.
Santiago is home of two universities: Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra and Universidad Tecnológica de Santiago.
His fellow poet Du Fu counted him to the group of Chinese scholars that he called the "Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup" in a poem.
If you do use such a "lock" please be responsive to any inquiries about the lock.
About 760 people live there and it has 1,92 km.
Introduced in 1982, they followed American practice of modularisation.
Modern Hydro-electric dams can be viewed as the descendants of the water wheel as they too take advantage of the movement of water downhill.
In negative feedback a hormone makes an effect.
Lightning rods were often embellished with ornamental glass balls.
This category is for birds of the order Falconiformes.
An Emaar official said "The luxury finishes that were decided on in 2004, when the tower was initially planned out, are now being replaced by upgraded finishes.
14,000 from Hubei Province alone.
Wells Cathedral has been described as "the most poetic of the English Cathedrals".
Between September 22 and September 24, a tropical storm tracked from Cuba northward to South Carolina.
Its seed is the castor bean which, despite its name, is not a true bean.
Muhammad Yunus born on June 28 1940.
He was the third child born to a Muslim family in the village of Bathua near the Boxihrat Road in Hathazari, Bangladesh.
Do not edit the contents of this page.
The standard gauge is a popular rail gauge.
On August 22 1485, Henry's army defeated Richard III's army at the Battle of Bosworth.
Recently, Knockout Entertainment announced a multi-million dollar album deal with Koch Records and Shaquille 'Neal's "Deja 34" entertainment company.
Treasure Island is an adventure novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.
After the match, Cena was attacked by ECW wrestler, Sabu, who, in the premiere of ECW on Sci-Fi won a 10-man Extreme Battle Royal, where the winner would face Cena at Vengeance in a match.
Sabu beat up Cena and performed a leg drop on him, diving onto Cena and putting him through the Raw announcers' table.
The provinces are also divided into communes which are ruled by a municipality.
For nonstandard adaptations of this template, please visit the Kelly Cup Playoffs section of the 2007 - 08 ECHL season page.
At the 2007 MKMF held on November 17th 2007, Younha won the Best New Solo Artist award.
He was a pupil of Raphael, his stylistic deviations from high Renaissance classicism help define the 16th-century style known as Mannerism.
A much longer work, consisting of nine movements, is the La Nativité du Seigneur.
Bauska is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1609.
It is at the Vauxhall Cross road junction opposite the southern approach to Vauxhall Bridge over the River Thames in the London district of Vauxhall.
Plaice are characterised by their smooth, brown skin, red spots and bony ridge behind the eyes.
Hércules Brito Ruas is a former Brazilian football player.
It lies on the A70 road to Ayr, and has approximately 800 inhabitants.
He was married to Rita Marley who was one of his back-up singers.
They had five children together, one is Ziggy Marley who is also a well known reggae performer.
James Christopher "Jamie" McMurray is an American racecar driver.
It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad and is located at 25 22' 60N 68 25' 60E and lies to the east of the capital Hyderabad.
Joni Mitchell's song "Woodstock", about the event, also became a major hit song for Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young.
Dougherty disagreed, feeling that she was too young to have a baby, but he promised that they would revisit the subject when he returned home.
Aubin-Saint-Vaast is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Maybe I wo 't get hired in some things.
He is best known for his role as Tommy Udo in his first film, Kiss of Death.
The Irukandji Jellyfish, Carukia barnesi, is a species of jellyfish.
Radames pleads with the king to spare Aida and Amonasro.
Matthew Hasselbeck is an American football quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks.
It is the capital of the province of Matera.
The short axis is the rotation axis.
Salvatore Bagni is a former Italian football player.
On the one hand, it was a time of great artistic patronage and architectural magnificence, where the Church pardoned such artists as Michelangelo, Brunelleschi, Bramante, Raphael, Fra Angelico, Donatello, and da Vinci.
Along with his music career, Lifeson is part owner of a Toronto restaurant called "The Orbit Room." He is also a licensed airplane pilot
This allows a USB flash drive containing media files in a variety of formats to be played directly on devices which support the format.
When it was well done, as Austen's works were, Whately said that novels wrote about human experience that the reader could learn from. In other words, he believed that it was moral.
Because the pressure gradient normal to the flow within a boundary layer is zero, the increase of temperature through the boundary layer causes the density to fall.
There are economies to be made from mass production of the components, but each building comes with its own requirements like different number of floors, dimensions of the well and usage patterns.
A gold rush is when a lot of s go to a mining place full of gold.
A well-known example is the California Gold Rush of 1849 and the Australian gold rush of 1850.
Sand dollars can be found in temperate and tropical zones, but not in Britain.
Padmasambhava is the person who brought Buddhism to Tibet in the 8th century.
On August 11, eight weeks after debuting on the chart, "I Kissed A Girl" finally made it to number one.
John Gould was an English ornithologist.
Latvia and Poland attended the Summer Olympic Games for the first time.
Oats have many uses in food.
Most of the time they are rolled or crushed into oatmeal, or ground into oat flour.
They are limited to two color combinations so far, and can sing three new songs and dance.
Co-ops smaller amounts of food to sell, and coop managers were often drafted, whereas business opponents were able to have even clerks declared vital for the war effort.
A choral scholar is a student at a university who gets money to help with the fees of his or her studies in exchange for singing in the university's choir.
Some jumping spiders of the genus Portia hunt other spiders in ways that seem intelligent, outflanking their victims or luring them from their webs.
Saint-Vincent-de-Pertignas is a commune.
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Orient is a city of Illinois in the United States.
In 2005 there were 2,486 people living in Alice Springs.
In the first season, the digimon are controlled by Black Gears.
The DigiDestined, a band of kids chosen for their compatibility to Digimon, usually fight this evil.
The queue is constantly receiving new requests and fulfilling and removing existing requests, and re-ordering the queue according to the current pending read/write requests and the changing position of the head.
Deepdale is a football stadium in Preston, England.
He is believed to have been buried in Tel Tzora in Israel above the Sorek valley.
As the show opens, Satine performs tiredly, knowing that her life is almost up.
Christian, refusing to give up on Satine, confronts her backstage.
Since the phenylalanine they eat is not being changed into tyrosine, it builds up in their bodies.
These special shoes are called ice skates.
Bromine is found in the oceans.
Unlike most European languages, French has no stress at the level of the word.
So, stress marks should not be used in transcribing French words.
She showed a great interest in science and visited the astronomer Tycho Brahe.
Nectar is economically important because it is where the sugar for honey comes from.
Raúl Vicente Amarilla is a former Paraguayan football player.
It is the primary law degree in the United States.
This code should be added at the bottom of the template code, with no extra space before".
The most common pool styles are play pool, freeform pool, geometric pool, lap pool, diving pool, infinity pool, spool, and the perimeter overflow pool.
Screaming Life/Fopp is a compilation album by the grunge band Soundgarden.
But in early sharks, they were the same length.
Schinz was also curator of the Natural History Society of Zurich.
He also wrote a lot of important zoological books between 1824 and 1852.
Sometimes, jackals join small packs, for example to hunt a big animal, but normally hunt alone or as a pair.
There are two different kinds of anthropic principles: the weak anthropic principle, and the strong anthropic principle.
Wembley had opened in London only a few months earlier.
This made a source of rivalry between the northern and southern divisions of builders Sir Robert McAlpine, who built both stadia.
Supporters have argued that lamas of the Nyingma school are not required to take vows of celibacy, and indeed Sogyal Rinpoche does not claim to be a celibate monk.
If they are on land, they are usually hot springs, geysers, or fumaroles.
Some countries started to replace Pseudoephedrine by other drugs, such as phenylephrine.
The reason for this is that pseudoephedrine can be used to make methamphetamine, which is an illegal drug.
The original Yankee Stadium is a baseball stadium in New York City, New York in the United States. It was opened in 1923.
Many countries have laws about prostitution.
Some countries have made prostitution illegal.
Fedora 10, codenamed Cambridge, was released on 25 November 2008.
It is found in most of central, and eastern South America, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname -, Paraguay, Peru, and Venezuela.
At Oxford, he met Philip Larkin and became friends.
Founded originally by the late Carlos Palanca, Sr. as La Tondeña, Inc. in 1902 in the district of Tondo, Manila, it manufactures a range of products and carries packaging innovations that satisfy the needs of its target consumers.
It advises various groups, including the government, on cancer-related issues, acts as an advocate for cancer patients and their families, and is a major funding contributor towards cancer research.
While photographing the city of the settlers, Ricardo showed the inhumanity and cruelty of colonialism.
The name, Lepidoptera, comes from the Ancient Greek words λεπίδος and πτερόν.
Many leaf beetles and longhorn beetles are host specific.
The same name was chosen for the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Göttingen.
Saint-Rem èze is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
William Pitt the Younger was a British politician of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.
Some endings can only be won by one character, while other endings can be won by other characters as well.
Olmec-style sculptures include a possible colossal head, rock carvings and others.
Sony Music Entertainment is the second-largest global recorded music company of the "big four" record companies and is controlled by Sony Corporation of America.
Origin of the name Patnitop is a distortion of the original name of "Patan Da Talab" meaning "Pond of the Princess".
In earlier times, they frequently lived on the outskirts of communities, generally in squalor.
Erda is the Earth Goddess.
It stops at Appleby Line on top of the Niagara Escarpment due to the Crawford Lake Conservation Area being there, and then the road starts again just east of Guelph Line and goes until the Milborough Townline on the border of Milton and Hamilton.
Papilioninae is a subfamily of butterflies.
It belongs in the family Papilionidae.
A very similar report in the Gospel of Luke does not speak of Andrew.
Gymnos means naked.
He also won the trophy the next two seasons.
He is also credited under the name Seth E. Adkins.
In 1960, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work.
Many vegetarians use foods made of soy, because soy have very good protein.
The first explicit statement of the first law of thermodynamics was given by Rudolf Clausius in 1850: "There is a state function E, called 'energy', whose differential equals the work exchanged with the surroundings during an adiabatic process."
Because of the difference in geography in China, many qin schools known as qin pai developed over the centuries.
Limpets move by rippling the muscles of their foot in a wave-like motion.
Fornjot or Saturn XLII is a moon of Saturn.
The Brundtland Commission was by the United Nations in 1983 to reflect about ways to save the human environment and natural resources and of economic and social development.
Detailed information on TPZs and related topics is available at minimal cost from organizations like the International Society for Arboriculture.
There is also a smaller area that drains directly into the Lake Lugano.
From 1990 to 1994, he was music director of the Orchestra of St. Luke's.
Native numbers are used for numbers one through ten.
To resolve the problem, Symantec has issued a fix intended for users before upgrading.
In December he performed his piano concerto in E minor.
He first performed his other piano concerto, in F minor, in March 1830.
"Waltzing Matilda" is one of Australia's best known songs.
The bush ballad, a country folk song, has been called "the unofficial national anthem of Australia".
A partial cranium and mandible of Paranthropus robustus was discovered in 1938 by a schoolboy, Gert Terblanche, at Kromdraai B in South Africa.
When Joan of Arc was put on trial, she said no to the customary courtroom rules about a witness's oath.
She said she would not answer every question about her visions.
They were all withdrawn and scrapped after only twelve years of service.
Kalona is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Heikki Johannes Kovalainen is a Finnish Formula One racing driver who spent the 2008 and 2009 seasons with British based team Vodafone McLaren Mercedes, and will drive for the new Lotus F1 Racing team for the 2010 campaign.
Bernhardt made her fame on the stages of Europe in the 1870s, and was soon working in Europe and the United States.
It is named after Saint Thomas because Portuguese explorers discovered the island on St. Thomas's Day.
Access to cigarettes was not allowed for the Wehrmacht's female auxiliary personnel.
Miller's return to Ibrox means he is one of only a few players to cross the Old Firm divide twice.
The press took apart the greasy cocoa butter from cacao seeds, leaving a chocolate powder behind.
On June 2, Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft, but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati, deciding to instead attend Mississippi State where he practiced to become a better pitcher.
For every 100 females there were 95.7 males.
When a Royal Licence is granted for a transfer of arms, the change of the surname may be permitted by the Licence itself, so there is no need of a deed poll.
Montagoudin is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
It is an Oïl language of the Romance language family, with Latin at the base.
Gallo is spoken in the eastern part of Brittany.
Wyclif's Bible is the name now given to a group of Bible translations into Middle English, that were made under the direction of, or at the instigation of, John Wycliffe.
The World Health Organization classifies Lindane as "Moderately Hazardous".
International trade with it is restricted and regulated under the Rotterdam Convention on Prior Informed Consent.
Windows Vista Service Pack 1 was released on February 4, 2008 alongside Windows Server 2008 to OEM partners, after a five-month beta test period.
Epstein started out to become an actor, and went to school at RADA with future movie stars Peter 'Toole and Susannah York.
Nine Inch Nails' next album was called With Teeth.
Peter Løvenkrands is a Danish football player.
He plays for Newcastle United.
It is the fifth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into four different languages.
Urby Emanuelson is a Dutch football player.
He plays for Ajax.
When Idamante asks his father why he sends him away, Idomeneo can not tell him the truth.
After winning this cup, Gimnasia was invited to participate on the Sanwa Bank Cup in 1994.
Miller made his second debut for the club on 30 July 2008 in a UEFA Champions League qualifier gainst FBK Kaunas.
The island is named after Captain James Johnston, who discovered it in 1807.
St. Joe is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Sugar, We're Goin' Down is the first single from the Under The Cork Tree album, by Fall Out Boy and it was the song that made them famous.
Months before going to Jerilderie, and with help from Joe Byrne, Ned Kelly dictated a long letter.
The letter told his story, about how he became a bushranger, and the treatment of his family by the police.
Phosgene is the chemical compound with the formula COCl2.
Aarhus is the second biggest city in Denmark.
The Suez Canal is a canal in Egypt.
The Chaldean Catholic Church presently comprises an estimated 60,000 - 70,000 Chaldean Christians.
I. A hurricane passed through North Carolina on August 2.
Pskov is an old city that can be found in the north-west of Russia about 20 km east from the Estonian border, on the Velikaya River.
Characteristics of alternative metal music are heavy guitar riffs, syncopation, uncommon time signatures, and unusual techniques. Alternative metal is like regular heavy music, but it can be more experimental.
It is home to the Ohio State Buckeyes and Columbus Blue Jackets.
Under the Charities Act 1993, the Tate is an exempt charity.
There are two cities in Somerset.
This hurricane moved north-northwest from the Bahamas on September 25 to hit Charleston, South Carolina on September 27.
In this book she started the use of listing the ingredients and suggested cooking times with each recipe, like all the world does now.
He donated a portion of his Nobel winnings "to establish a fund to support and encourage new fiction writers," eventually resulting in the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction.
Lemonade is a drink made with water, lemons or lemon juice, and sugar.
Lemonade was invented on August 20, 1630, in Paris, France.
There are several proposed mechanisms for the extinctions; large or multiple meteorite impact events, increased volcanism, or sudden release of methane hydrates from the sea floor; gradual changes include sea-level change, lack of oxygen in the sea, increasing aridity, and a shift in ocean circulation driven by climate change.
Moisture is mostly means the presence of water, often in trace amounts.
The most conspicuous geographical feature of Thuringia is the Thuringia Forest.
She is famous for playing the voices of Bart Simpson, Nelson Muntz, Todd Flanders and Ralph Wiggum on the animated television show The Simpsons.
The discovery images were taken on May 15, 2005 and May 18, 2005; the moons were independently found by Max J. Mutchler on June 15, 2005 and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15, 2005.
According to myth, the first Vietnamese people were descended from the Dragon Lord Lạc Long Quân and the Immortal Fairy Âu Cơ.
Charles O. "Chuck" Baldwin is a founder-pastor of Crossroad Baptist Church in Pensacola, Florida, and 2008 presidential nominee of the Constitution Party.
Miguel Ángel Lotina is a Spanish football manager.
Soon every gathering was being called an' - In' of some kind.
Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In, a television comedy series, began to appear on NBC just a year later, January 22, 1968.
He has won many awards such as the American League Rookie of the Year Award, a Silver Slugger Award, and three Gold Glove Awards.
In his second - to - last year at Winchester, he was introduced to rock climbing and mountaineering by a master, R.L.G Irving, who took a small number of pupils climbing in the Alps every year.
A cleft stick was similar to a scold's bride, but they were easier to make.
The ducking stool was taken to the U.S. when British people went to live there during colonial times.
It moved westward across the unfavorable Atlantic Ocean and crossed Central America into the Pacific on the 28th.
Kerberos is a computer network authentication protocol, which allows parties or individuals communicating over a non-secure network to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner.
Perspective works by representing the light that passes from a scene through an imaginary rectangle, to the viewer's eye.
Pleine-Selve, Aisne is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
The 1969 - 70 NHL season was the 53rd season of the National Hockey League.
Most mosques in the United States, for example, report receiving non-Muslim visitors every month.
He later served in the Vietnam War, commanding a River Patrol Unit in the Mekong Delta.
He remained in office until his death in 1642; then Jules Cardinal Mazarin became chief minister.
Six hours after becoming a depression, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha, the second named storm of the season.
As Isolde arrives at his side, Tristan dies while speaking her name.
Bundala National Park is a wildlife park located in Sri Lanka.
It may be seen all year in southern Florida.
Bald in the English name is from the word piebald, which means, "one with a white head".
The collection includes a lot of religious artifacts.
At night the children ask their father to tell them a story, Ilea asks for his man junk to tell her about when he and Deianeira first met.
It was originally called 916 ΣI, but was renamed 916 America on 24 February 1923 after the Council of Astronomers at Pulkovo Observatory decided to pay tribute to "the friendly relations of the astronomical observatories and astronomers".
Cucurbitaceae is a plant family commonly known as melons, gourds or cucurbits and includes crops like cucumbers, squashes, luffas, melons and watermelons.
To win the Diplom certificate, a student must pass the tests for the Hauptstudium after the Vordiplom, then one or more Studienarbeit, and then write a Diplomarbeit.
Scelidosaurus was a genus of quadrupedal, lightly plated, herbivorous dinosaur about 4 metres long.
The kind of osechi foods eaten in Japanese homes varies from area to area. It is a Japanese tradition to eat osechi dishes during the New Year's holidays which go from January 1 to January 3.
NBC has me under contract; the baby and I have only a verbal agreement."
In 1925, he filmed his first Armenian movie and moved to Armenia.
Houthulst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
A spherically closed membrane contains water and is a hypothetical precursor to the modern cell membrane.
This diagram is recommended for common use as a main diagram in the articles on chess openings, endings, games, positions etc..
Trans is a commune of 238 people.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
James Houssemayne Du Boulay is said to have ascribed a direct relationship between the fear of a Ghadarite uprising in the midst of an increasingly tensed situation in Punjab, and the British response that ended in the massacre.
The nasal opening of a gharial is smaller than the supra-temporal fossae.
He is married to Ayu Azhari and has three children.
This category has songs by the band Keane.
Smoking was also outlawed in schools.
It is surrounded by the strongly glaciated Zillertaler Alpen to the south and east, the lower grass peaks of the Kitzbüheler Alpen to the east and Tuxer Alpen to the west.
The Prefect of Police of Marseilles, Jouhannaud, was subsequently removed from office.
It is the capital of the Ostalbkreis district, and its largest town.
Deportivo Alavés is a football club which plays in Spain.
If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material copied from the Document, you may at your option designate some or all of these sections as invariant.
The current constitution dates from 1997.
Value and price are not equivalent terms in economics, and theorising the specific relationship of value to market price has been a challenge for both liberal and Marxist economists.
It is an advantage for such potential prey to advertise their status in a way clearly perceptible to their predators; this is called aposematic or warning colouration.
Three players regularly form a side in indoor shorted courts.
Westerners may face significant obstacles in obtaining saffron from India.
A ghoul is a monster from ancient Arabian folklore.
Ghouls live in burial grounds and other uninhabited places.
When prey goes by a Komodo dragon, it will suddenly charge at the animal and go for the belly or the throat.
Yoga is an old discipline from India.
Yoga uses breathing techniques, exercise and meditation.
They were liked and supported by Minister of Defense Gustav Noske, a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, who used them to stop the German Revolution and the Marxist Spartacist League, and also to murder Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg on 15 January 1919.
He was the son of Stephen, Count of Blois and Adela of Normandy.
His mother, Adela, was the daughter of William I of England and Matilda of Flanders.
Varuna completes one rotation in about 3.17 hours.
Thomas Linke is a former German football player for the German national team.
Women eat apart and only after the men have finished.
It was one of the first three Nicktoons and also aired on Nick Jr. in 1996.
In 1990, he won his first major championship, the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship, from Jushin Liger.
It is 210 km long with ,710 km watershed.
Physical custody means: who looks after the child from day to day.
It is about where a child will live.
Cheung suffered serious depression and eating disorder after the break up.
If a child lives with one parent, that parent has "sole physical custody".
Frank Gardiner was a famous Australian bushranger.
Robinson became the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on 12 September 1997, resigning the Presidency a few weeks early with the approval of Irish political parties in order to take up the post.
Bahá' ís often do not have one place they get together, except in large cities.
She made it to give Kikyo half the soul of Kagome, Kikyo's reincarnation.
The reason for deletion is shown in the summary below, along with details of the users who had changed this page before deletion.
In 1677, Henry Coggeshall created a two-foot folding rule for timber measure, called the Coggeshall slide rule.
Hurricane Nicole never affected land and no damage was reported.
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is a children's television series on Playhouse Disney.
But in 1581, one of the three daimyo who united Japan - Oda Nobunaga attacked ninja from Iga province.
Male Lord-Lieutenants receive an allowance for the ceremonial uniform, worn when receiving members of the royal family and on other formal occasions.
The province relies on tobacco farming, with Pinar del Río producing 70 % of Cuba's crop, used to make the cigars that are so prized overseas.
They can only can be found in and around the city of Vinh.
Hiroshi Soejima is a former Japanese football player.
Roquefort-sur-Garonne is a commune of 715 people.
It is located in the region Midi-Pyr énées in the Haute-Garonne department in the southwest of France.
Lansac, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Trescault is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Samekh and Mem form the abbreviation for the Angel of Death, whose name in Hebrew is Samael.
The game uses diagonal linesdrawn at the table's corners to indicate that if balls were inside those lines, points could not be scored, thus "cutting off four triangular spaces in the four corners, away 28 inches of the 'nursing' surface of the end rails and 56 inches on the long rails."
Adolph Frederick Rupp was one of the most successful college basketball coaches in history.
The series is based in part on the life of its creator, Joanna Johnson, a former cast member of The Bold and the Beautiful.
She was a key member of the USSR team that dominated the women's Olympiads of the 1980s.
When Georgia achieved independence from the Soviet Union in 1990, she played board 1 for the new Georgian national team that won four gold medals, in 1992, 1994, 1996 and 2008.
Dracula is a horror novel by the Irish writer Bram Stoker.
The novel was first published in England in 1897.
Austen's works were put in print again beginning in late 1832 or early 1833.
Richard Bentley printed them in the Standard Novels series, and remained in print for a long time after that.
Leeds has two universities: University of Leeds and Leeds Metropolitan University.
This song achieved the # 1 spot in the three main TV music rankings - SBS Inkigayo, M.net M. Countdown !
These incidents often demonstrated a lack of respect for the rules of the Geneva Conventions and their protection symbols.
Helena - A young woman, Hermia's friend, who loves Demetrius.
At Backlash, the original main event match was between Chris Benoit and Shawn Michaels for the World Heavyweight Championship.
The belayer can hold the whole weight of the climber by using only a little force, and can even stop a long fall.
A memorial and large pine tree mark the site of Wilson's grave.
She is the youngest winner of the talent show American Idol.
The county was made on April 17, 1881, from parts of Orange County and Wake County.
Angela Merkel is the first woman, the first East German and the first scientist to be chancellor as well as the youngest German chancellor ever.
Very heavy rain in January 2007 took about six weeks to reach the lake but put only a small amount of water into it.
Ceramic forming techniques include shaping by hand, slip casting, tape casting, injection molding, dry pressing, and other variations.
Opt-out stations were established in Inverness and Aberdeen in 1976, followed by Orkney and Shetland in 1977, and Selkirk and Dumfries in 1983.
Its home stadium is the AWD-Arena.
The less social capital there is, the more social problems there usually are.
The House of Tudor produced five English monarchs who ruled during this period.
The source of these fawns, from the Eastern United States, gave the company the idea to change Felix Salten's Roe Deer to a white-tailed deer.
The history of chess spans some 1500 years.
Circular slide rules also eliminate "off-scale" calculations, because the scales were designed to "wrap around"; they never have to be re-oriented when results are near 1.0 - the rule is always on scale.
The girls performed "Into the New World", which became their single.
Pakistan is also an important member of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference.
A few scholars, most prominently Christopher Beckwith and Roy Andrew Miller, argue that Chinese is not related to Tibeto-Burman.
In 2001, the Ultra Series was added in the Guinness Book of World Records as the record holder for the most number of spin off shows.
The government of Quebec has its offices in the capital, Quebec City, one of the oldest cities in North America.
She likes the pop singer Kelly Chen, so she puts "Kelly" in her nickname.
In the "Government of National Concentration" headed by Hitler, the Nazis were in the minority.
He was selected for six consecutive All-Star Games from 1949 to 1954.
Robinson received the first MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947.
Slowly moving northwestward through Texas, Tropical Depression Erin managed to keep an area of convection near the center, with its widespread, but scattered rainbands dropping moderate to heavy precipitation.
They were allowed to improvise the music.
He started a movement called Bolivarian Missions.
Its goal is to fight disease, illiteracy, malnutrition, and other social problems.
Among the most well known of Maharaj-ji's disciples were Ram Dass, the author of Be Here Now, teacher and performer Bhagavan Das, and the musicians Jai Uttal and Krishna Das.
The British Rail Class 302 was a type of electric multiple unit introduced between 1958 - 1960 for outer suburban passenger services on the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway route.
Giza saw much attention in particular to its vast amount of ancient Egyptian monuments found on the Giza Plateau, and has astonished thousands of visitors and tourists over the years.
Vithoba is a Hindu god worshipped mainly in the Indian states of Maharashtra and Karnataka.
He is also known as Vitthala and Panduranga.
She was also the first female skater to pass the 200-point mark under the ISU Judging System.
It is dialect of Siraiki language.
Sometimes, dried petals of lavender are used to throw confetti at a wedding.
Sometimes sexual intercourse is called coitus or copulation and is more casually known as having sex or sleeping together. In sexual intercourse, the male reproductive organ enters the female reproductive tract.
It was created from part of the former province of Franche-Comt é.
Manchester Velodrome is an indoor cycle-racing track in Manchester, in the north west of England.
On Scarborough, they were fed, but a reported mutiny attempt led to the convicts being kept locked up below the deck.
The capital and largest city, Ulan Bator / Ulaan Battor, is home to about 38 % of the population.
Aron Winter is a former Dutch football player.
The Diplom was first awarded when the Technische Hochschulen became a university.
There are five or six million Bahá' ís in the world, of all peoples and languages.
PlayStation Portable video games.
A hurricane struck the island of Dominica on September 20, bringing heavy winds and a 12ft storm surge that devastated the capital of Roseau; 230 people are believed to have been killed by the hurricane's onslaught.
Mogadishu is the capital city of the African country of Somalia.
The name Proterozoic comes from the Greek "earlier life".
The first commander of this group was Manfred von Richthofen. After his death in April 1918, Wilhelm Reinhard became the second commander.
From there the use of hemp spread.
Feather Linux contains many GTK + applications, such as AbiWord and Pidgin.
Rivers and his parents come together to support Uncle Daddy.
The Aristocats is an animated feature produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970.
Masolino was 17 years older than Masaccio.
His name was Tommaso da Panicale, so when the two began to work together, they were known as Masaccio and Masolino, which means "Little Tom".
The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities is the oldest and largest part of the University of Minnesota system.
The member is Akko.
Genappe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Bilan was in the 2006 Eurovision contest.
He sang the song "Never Let You Go."
Its area is only 1.4 km, but it is famous for Neolithic findings and birds that are 't seen a lot.
Villemotier is a commune.
After a few such asteroids were found, the rule was made that the L4 point was the "Greek camp", while the L5 point was the "Trojan camp", though not before each camp had acquired a "spy".
To speed up the evacuations, authorities used contraflow lane reversal on Interstate 10 leading west of New Orleans, as well as on Interstate 55 and Interstate 59 leading north from the city.
However, it is not always the case, as the 2006 event had the match in the middle of the pay-per-view.
In Canada, some provincial-level government departments are called "ministries" but most are called "departments."
The Proterozoic eon comes before the Phanerozoic.
It was a period before the first abundant complex life on Earth.
At least 100 people were killed by the storm, mostly because of mudslides, including five people in Havana.
However, recent research has confirmed that it is still extant in Pakistan-administered Kashmir.
Couvron-et-Aumencourt is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Caribert of Laon, son of Martin of Laon, was the grandfather of Charlemagne.
"She had no techniques.
Norbert Nigbur is a former German football player.
Chanoz-Ch âtenay is a commune.
Clients listed on a light purple background are no longer in active development.
It took ten weeks to edit the film.
Post-production, music mixing, and visual effects took many months.
Worf is a and character.
There are three types of gloves worn by ice hockey players.
Adobe Illustrator is a computer program for making graphic design and illustrations.
It is made by Adobe Systems.
It was judged very good by the Center for the Study of Educational Alternatives at Hofstra University.
The publisher organizes literary, musical and artistic events, especially in Upper Austria and Salzburg, but also in Vienna.
The 2008 UEFA Cup Final was the 37th final of the UEFA Cup.
It is UEFA's second tier club football tournament.
He plays as a center.
He was appointed Shadow Minister for Higher Education on 9 December 2005 by new Conservative Leader David Cameron, and resigned as editor of The Spectator soon afterwards.
The Baluchi and Siraiki languages were also spoken in all parts of the District.
In April 2007 he started his own record label called Muffin Music.
It may be performed underhand or overhead.
In November 1944, Holiday recorded three songs, "That Ole Devil Called Love", "Big Stuff", and "Do 't Explain".
The fruit of the other species is not an important crop in most areas because they are very sour and very like wood, and is rarely eaten raw for this reason.
Chang 'an literally means "Perpetual Peace" in Classical Chinese.
The first championship defense of WrestleMania was between Junkyard Dog and the reigning WWF Intercontinental Champion Greg Valentine, who was accompanied to the ring by his manager Jimmy Hart.
Colin Bell is a former English football player.
But, with code from the GNU system available for free, it would be good for Linux if it could use that code, instead of code from MINIX.
A driver's license, driver license, driver licence, or driving licence is an official document which states that a person may drive a motorized vehicle, such as a motorcycle, car, truck, or a bus.
Each digit in an octal numeral is the same as three digits in a binary numeral.
The grouping of the binary digits is done from right to left.
Rob Bowman and Alex Proyas were also rumored.
The following spring, her debut album "Say Greetings" was released.
People seeking membership must be old enough to be seen as adults in the country where they live.
The theory of relativity includes Albert Einstein's theories of special and general relativity.
During the Triassic, almost all the Earth's land mass was concentrated into a single supercontinent centered more or less on the equator, called Pangaea.
Rationalist Unitarianism is distinguished from Deism by its belief in a personal deity who directly acts on creation, while Deists see God as holding aloof from creation.
Nathi Gali has a mini bazzar.
In about 1895, William Doble improved on Pelton's half-cylindrical bucket form with an elliptical bucket that included a cut in it to allow the jet a cleaner bucket entry.
Obstetric sonography is commonly used during pregnancy.
He was conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra from 1971 to 1979.
However, PLM is not a perfect institution, and the university had been criticized in the past for the 'reconsideration' cases, wherein some students who failed to meet the university's standards for retention were readmitted because of the so-called 'backers'.
The album version has rap vocals by David Jassy.
The Unification Church is a new religious movement based on the importance of the family in creating a world of peace, started by Sun Myung Moon in Korea in the 1940s.
There is not a hard & fast line between these disciplines as there once was.
However, Baekje was ruined by Silla at 660.
Although Baekje was destroyed at that time, many ill-fated attempts were existed to restore Baekje from its descendants.
Allen introduced many new celebrities and performers on his shows, including Jerry Lee Lewis and Jack Kerouac. He also recorded an album with Kerouac, with Kerouac reading poetry and Allen playing piano with a jazz combo.
Dinah is very different from Ophelia.
She acts by passion.
She was called Marcelle Taillefesse when she was born.
When she was grown up she changed her last name to "Tailleferre" just to annoy her father because he had refused to let her study music.
Code Lyoko is a French animated television series.
It was not until 1965 at the National Invitation Pocket Billiards Championship, seven years after his last first place finish, that he would repeat as champion in a sanctioned tournament.
Amplier is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
She mixed with the literary and social elites of London society.
She knew people like Samuel Johnson, Edmund Burke, Hester Thrale Piozzi, and William Windham.
At the 2000 census the population was ,152.
Beugnâtre is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Some mosques will even rent convention centers or other large public buildings to hold the large numbers who attend.
Candomblé is an African-inspired or Afro-Brazilian religion, practiced chiefly in Brazil.
Sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture.
Because of this, mosque architects used the shape of the bell tower for their minarets.
Both the minaret and the bell tower serve the same purpose - to call the faithful to prayer.
Subspecies can mix with each other; animals or plants from different subspecies can have offspring together.
In December 2005, Coe was given a Special award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards ceremony.
Oases provide a habitat for animals, sometimes even for humans.
Pahari is a word for a number of dialects spoken across the Himalayan range, not limited to a single country.
He became offensive coordinator in Pittsburgh for the 2004 season after Mike Mularkey became the head coach of the Buffalo Bills.
They differed from class 202 by the substitution of a trailer buffet car for one of the three trailer second opens in all the earlier units.
It is a part of the Pacific Ocean and covers an area of ,24,000 km.
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's, controversial comments, which included questioning the size of the Holocaust, have sparked questions about Freiburg's partnership with Isfahan.
The city also has Riverside Municipal Museum, the California Museum of Photography, and the California Citrus State Historic Park.
Leonov thinks the first boom he heard was that of the jet breaking the sound barrier, and the second was Gagarin's plane crashing.
The remnants of Grace were not visible anymore by the next day.
Streicher was not a member of the military and was not part of planning the Holocaust, the invasion of Poland, or the Soviet invasion.
A video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a screen using a lens system.
It has an all-seated capacity of 1,673.
The Italians had armored vehicles, artillery, and, most important, superior air support.
A peace accord signed in 1997 led to the disarmament of the Shanti Bahini and enabled the PCJSS to return to mainstream politics.
Torsten Frings is a German football player.
At the moment he playes for Werder Bremen.
Mauro Galvão is a former Brazilian football player.
VIZ Media has begun to release the series again with a 2nd edition.
Dostoevsky, whose work is often considered a philosophical precursor to existentialism, often expressed a similar concern in his novels.
The nagamaki is considered to be a type of the no-dachi sword.
This one was a variation of long samurai sword.
Cotton Mather was a politically important English Puritan minister and writer.
In 1877 the company officially changed the name for "Vacheron & Constantin, Fabricants, Geneve".
In 1997 and 1998, Indonesia was the country hardest hit by the Asian Financial Crisis.
This increased popular discontent with the New Order and led to popular protests.
Tokelau is an island group located in the Pacific Ocean.
ARIA holds annual award ceremonies called the "ARIA Music Awards" where prizes are given for Australian music.
A user with a flag is said to belong to that flag's 'user group', giving them certain rights and the access to certain features of the software.
Approximately 22 Investitures are held annually in Buckingham Palace, one or two at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh and one in Cardiff.
He was a supporter of the great Spanish queen, Isabel I of Castile, and actively participated on her side in the civil war that broke out against her half-brother, Enrique IV, when the latter attempted to make his daughter, Juana, crown princess.
Marais' music is heard a lot, including his longer work Sonnerie de Ste-Genevi ève du Mont-de-Paris.
Her next film was Gentlemen Prefer Blondes co-starring Jane Russell and directed by Howard Hawks.
Amneris asks to see Radames.
Radames refuses to defend himself.
In the Battle of Kadesh, where he led Egyptian armies against those of the Hittite king Muwatalli II. He was caught the first recorded military ambush, but could win the battle nevertheless.
The name water bear comes from the way they walk, reminiscent of a bear's gait.
Montchâlons is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
This category consists of succession templates related to London Underground.
He stated that the removal should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed. This included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor.
Sir Charles Lyell, 1st Baronet, Kt was a British geologist.
He stands with a crane and a turtle, which are symbols of long life.
Trélou - sur-Marne is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
The author recently said that a movie might be made about the series.
With increasing reports of the harmful effects DEET has on humans, there has been a gradual move to rely on repellents that are devoid of it, specifically to repellents that are organic and otherwise are of the kind that have had traditional household purposes prior to their becoming used now more often as mosquito repellents.
It was adopted in 1950 following the recommendations of a committee appointed by the 1st Prime Minister of Sri Lanka D.S. Senanayake.
Also during the war, in 1940, he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society.
About 130 curse tablets have been found at Aquae Sulis, where many of the curses related to thefts of clothes whilst the victim was bathing.
Wilson moved to the district in late 1836 with his wife and family.
For the first few days, the chicks have no feathers and their eyes are closed.
Laiz is a commune.
This election was mainly between Democrat Jimmy Carter and Republican Ronald Reagan.
The election also featured John B. Anderson, who was a notable third party candidate.
Their hit song is "She Drives Me Crazy".
During this time she regularly coached violin with Jaime Laredo, and studied chamber music with Felix Galimir and Gary Graffman.
Ferney-Voltaire is a commune.
Lucario sacrificed himself in order to save the Tree of Beginning, though the credits showed him with Sir Aaron eating a chocolate bar.
All songs composed by Roger Waters.
All lead vocals performed by Roger Waters unless otherwise stated.
Nuoro is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
Listless, my shadow creeps about at my side.
Basilosaurus is a genus of cetacean that lived from 40 to 34 million years ago in the Late Eocene.
In November 2009, the A330 was the first aeroplane to get the ETOPS-240 approval, which means that the plane is allowed to fly up to 240 minutes away from any airport.
Likewise, the Masjid al-Nabawi and the city of Medina that surrounds it are also off-limits to those who do not practice Islam.
Peter Braestrup Judith Coburn Tom Fox H.D.S. Greenway Skip Isaacs Peter A. Jay Peter Osnos Michael Parks Olivier Todd Craig Whitney
People who believe this also believe that Wollstonecraft was as reviled during her lifetime as she became after the publication of William Godwin's Memoirs of the Author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman.
One end of the device is fitted with a single type-A USB connector.
It became generally known as "Bernoulli's Theorem" In 1835, S.D. Poisson further described it under the name "La loi des grands nombres".
In order to have a compact instruction encoding, most processor instruction sets have a small set of special locations which can be directly named.
Masonville is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Between 1843 and 1866, a governor was appointed who was independent of the Governor of Sierra Leone.
A trench can be defined as a long narrow ditch.
"U.S. viewers in millions" refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episodes live or recorded them and watched them within seven days of broadcast.
The word "county" is the English name for the Chinese word xiàn.
The band members are: Alexi Laiho, Roope Latvala, Janne Wirman, Henkka Seppälä, Jaska Raatikainen.
He was also a great singer of Franz Schubert's Lieder, usually with Britten as accompanist, and he often sang the part of the Evangelist in Johann Sebastian Bach's Passions.
Mary's virginity at the conception of Jesus is also part of Islam.
He asks the boys if they understand, and they say they do.
Van Gogh did not begin painting until his late twenties.
Most of his best-known works were made two years before his death.
The sleeping driver is at very high risk for having an accident during microsleep.
This botanical garden was created in the style of French gardens.
To report an error, see the.
He is known as a good friend of Kofi Annan.
According to Strabo, Seleucus was the first to state that the tides are due to the attraction of the Moon, and that the height of the tides depends on the Moon's position relative to the Sun.
Although he was never Emperor, Henry I the Fowler, Duke of Saxony, was the founder of this imperial dynasty, since his election as German king made it possible for his son, Otto the Great to take on the imperium.
The entire length of the qin is 3 feet, 6.5 inches, representing the 365 days of the year.
Under the tall canopy is the understory.
Furthermore, S. tchadensis does indicate that the last common ancestor of humans and chimpanzees is unlikely to resemble chimpanzees very much, as had been previously supposed by some paleontologists.
On October 27 the group played its first official New York City show and appeared on the television programs Late Night With David Letterman and Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Hesperocallis has traditionally been classified in Liliaceae but until recently its relationships have been unclear.
Adriana Lima is a Brazilian supermodel.
They can be found in lowland forests of Jobi Island and northern New Guinea and is the most common bird of paradise.
The end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 had resulted in a time of famine and chronic unemployment.
This was exacerbated by the introduction of the first of the Corn Laws.
The Chemical Weapons Convention was signed in 1993 and came into effect in 1997.
On April 9, 1997, the band announced its disbanding.
As the capital of Arizona, Phoenix houses the state legislature.
The exact transformation is controlled using a second input the secret key.
At the 2006 census, Glenrowan had a population of 952.
Starčević was the only parliamentary representative who agreed with Kvaternik's draft constitution of 26 June, 1861.
In a letter dated May 24, 1891, Frege thanked Husserl for sending him a copy of the Philosophy of Arithmetic and Husserl's review of Ernst Schröder's Vorlesungen über die Algebra der Logik.
"Di", "emperor", refers to the relationship of this animal to T. Rex, the "king" tyrannosaurid.
Anne of Denmark was queen consort of Scotland, England, and Ireland. She was the wife of King James VI and I.
Six Borat sketches were shown, in the form of "Guides" to "Dating", "Etiquette", "Acting", "Men", "Baseballs" and "The South".
Known as one of the most destructive hurricanes to affect the United States during the first half of the 19th century, the Bay St. Louis Hurricane caused severe damage across Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi, leaving behind the remains of shattered buildings and uprooted trees.
Morellino di Scansano DOCG is an Italian red wine made in the hills of the village of Scansano, in the Maremma, which includes a part of the coast of southern Tuscany.
Morellino is the local name for the Sangiovese grape varietal.
The vast majority of these were inherited from its four constituent companies.
Both types of bone marrow contain numerous blood vessels and capillaries.
The champions of the National League plays against the champions of the American League in the World Series.
Palembang is a city of ,28,000 people in the south of the Indonesian island of Sumatra.
It is the capital of the province of South Sumatra.
The fans' collective name for itself is "La 22", after 22nd street in La Plata where many famous fans lived, notably Marcelo Amuchástegui.
Labastide-sur-B ésorgues is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
It is important to note that our only sources available for our understanding of Sabellianism are from people who opposed it.
Saint-Pierre-la-Roche is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
A campus novel, also called the academic novel, is a novel that's story is around or about a campus of a university.
Grobbendonk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Boris Spassky is a Soviet-French chess grandmaster.
There is a long tradition of watchmaking.
The programming language Colloquy is made in is Objective-C.
By 1153 it was an important town.
GRUB can also be set to automatically load a particular kernel after a timeout period.
Kim Stanley later recalled that students were discouraged from applauding, but that Monroe's performance had resulted in applause from the audience.
The Caledonian Sleeper are transferred to ScotRail, now First ScotRail.
The state did not include the enclave of Gwadar which was under Omani rule until 1958.
In 1959 the VSO performed for Pope John XXIII at Vatican City.
In addition to buses, it also operates a ferry service.
The first fossils of modern cockroaches with internal ovipositors appear in the Lower Cretaceous.
Letters that came from it include the Roman I and Cyrillic І.
A gynoecium is the female reproductive part of a flower.
The Golden Gloves is the name given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in the United States. The Golden Gloves is often the term used to refer to the National Golden Gloves competition, but it can also mean a few other amateur tournaments, including regional golden gloves tournaments and other notable tournaments such as the Intercity Golden Gloves, the Chicago Golden Gloves, and the New York Golden Gloves.
In addition to "elementary algebra", or basic algebra, there are advanced forms of algebra, taught in colleges and universities, such as abstract algebra, linear algebra, and universal algebra.
His name may refer to the scorpion goddess Serket.
It flopped massively, only reaching # 117 on the Oricon Charts possibly due to a lack of promotion.
For the Rhinestone soundtrack, he performed a song.
Maximilian I of Mexico was a member of the Imperial House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
In old times, the se was frequently used in duets with the qin.
Food processing often takes clean, harvested or slaughtered and butchered components and uses these to produce attractive and marketable food products.
Yuhei Tokunaga is a Japanese football player.
He plays for Tokyo and Japan national team.
Tackey & Tsubasa is a Japanese pop duo from Johnny & Associates.
They had one child, called Draven Sebastian, who was born on April 19, 2002.
They were later joined by bassist Malcolm Jones and keyboardist Frank "Skip" Konte.
Physics describes gravitation using the theory of general relativity.
This gives a finer texture to higher grades.
Its secretariat-general is located in Brussels.
They are frequently confused with and mistaken for palms or ferns, but are only distantly related to both, and instead belong to the division Cycadophyta.
The reason why all the Mamodos are in the real world is to battle.
The taifa princes appealed for North African warriors to help them fighting Christian kings on two occasions.
In 1948 the organization became part of the National Theatre and was called Tyl Theatre.
In 1990, after some restoration, it became known again as the Estates Theatre.
Originally, Bluetooth was developed to reduce the number of cables needed to connect such devices to a PC.
Bluetooth is only used for relatively short distances, like a few metres.
He also finished tied for first with Vladimir Kramnik at Dortmund 2006.
His name in the Nahuatl language is often translated as "Smoking Mirror" because of his connection to obsidian, the material from which mirrors were made in Mesoamerica and which was used for shamanic rituals.
For the official forecasts, see the NHC's archive on Hurricane Charley.
The visible range and number of cone types differ between species.
In some cases, the tests are administered to determine if the fetus will be aborted.
Its county seat is Alton.
Tropical Storm One was a weak tropical storm in late June.
One started in the northwest corner of the Gulf of Mexico.
Wisques is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
It has smaller offices in New York City, Kampala, Kinshasa, Bunia, Abéché and Bangui.
He also had a role in The Santa Clause, Toy Story, and Galaxy Quest.
They are then converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea.
Saint-Marcel-'Ard èche is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
A continuous heavy surf falls all along the coast, forming a narrow white to gray sandy beach.
The Warsaw Pact or Warsaw Treaty Organization was officially named the Treaty of Friendship, Co-operation and Mutual Assistance, and was an organization of Central and Eastern European Communist states.
This list does not include material recorded by Soundgarden band members with Skin Yard, Temple of the Dog, Pearl Jam, Hater, Wellwater Conspiracy, or Audioslave.
Rickey replied that he needed a Negro player "with guts enough not to fight back."
Samir Nasri is a French football player.
He plays for Arsenal and France national team.
His hosts even arranged a visit to New Orleans, where Paul Morphy lived.
The novel is also known as a mix of dystopia and utopia.
Ledger started a record company with singer Ben Harper.
Huế is a city and a district in Central Vietnam.
About 20,000 people live in the city of Huế.
For example, in an aqueous environment hydrolysis of oligomers/polymers into their constituent monomers would be favored over the condensation of individual monomers into polymers.
Dražan Jerković is a former Croatian football player.
On the morning of November 19 at :30 a.m., Lincoln, riding on a chestnut bay horse, joined the dignitaries, townspeople, and widows marching out to the grounds to be dedicated.
The university occupies 6651 acres with the central campus resting on approximately 200 acres.
Kumho Tire Co. v. Carmichael applied the Daubert standard to expert testimony from non-scientists.
An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel or gear.
For Malus sylvestris domestica, see Apple.
People sometimes call some beetles by other names.
Vince screwed Michaels, claiming he submitted to the move, and declared Shane the winner via submission.
There are two kinds of pearls: salt water pearls and fresh water pearls.
Christopher Michael Fehn is an American musician and Percussionist for the band Slipknot.
Most people know about arsenic because it is dangerous.
Arsenic is toxic and can kill a person if they get too much of it.
Testicular cancer is a type of cancer that develops in one or both testicles, a part of the male reproductive system.
To use a game port with MIDI instruments, one requires a cable with a male and a female DA-15 and two male 5-pin DIN connectors.
Abraham Clark was an American politician and Revolutionary War figure.
Afton is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The narrator chops up the body, and hides the pieces under the floorboards.
At the end of the summer, little white flowers full of nectar appear and attract bees.
Over the years several of Charles' senior descendants have made names for themselves, including Augustus FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton who became Prime Minister of Great Britain, cricket pioneer Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond, parliamentary reformer Charles Lennox, 3rd Duke of Richmond.
He was the head of Antiquities in Egypt in the 19th century.
He excavated in Memphis and Dashur, providing many drawings of many Egyptian pyramids.
Salisbury is a city in southern England.
The song "Decent Days And Nights" from the album was featured in the video game soundtrack to on PlayStation 2 and Xbox as well as EA's Rugby 2005.
She accepts the task and eventually falls in love with Bran, their leader.
Which was later on divided into two districts.
While making the first episode, Whedon was arguing with FOX that the show should be shown in widescreen format.
He also won the FRS in 2007.
He is known for his studies in harmonic analysis, partial differential equations, combinatorics, analytic number theory and representation theory.
From these early times, the garden has contained a gallery of natural objects, a library, and portraits of its directors throughout the centuries.
START was a collection of songs and cover versions.
Miramas is a commune of 2,800 people. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte 'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh ône department in the south of France.
The next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the English.
Velvet Revolver, is a Grammy Award-winning rock supergroup.
The members of the band are Slash, Duff McKagan, Matt Sorum of Guns N' Roses, Scott Weiland of Stone Temple Pilots and Dave Kushner of Wasted Youth.
Copper approaches Tod as he lies in the lake below when Slade appears, ready to fire at the fox.
Parkes is on the main Australian transcontinental railway line between Sydney and Perth.
The Newell Highway between Victoria and Queensland goes through the city.
They are more sure that the name meringue was first seen in 1692, in a cookbook by François Massialot.
Historians of Sri Lanka say that Tamil people reached Sri Lanka only after 7th century during the invasions of the Chola dynasty.
In the European portion of the tour, Gimnasia played twenty-two games, winning eleven and losing six.
The ensuing dispute eventually lead to a break from Rome and the declaration of the King of England as head of the English Church.
Canadian Horseweed is species of plant.
It is also known as Canadian Fleabane, Coltstail, and Marestail.
Because the book of Anghiera was translated into English very soon, the name Hispaniola is the most used in English-speaking countries and in scientific works.
The first use of electric heating was for a tournament in the game of "18.2 balkline", that was held in December 1927 between two players: Welker Cochran and Jacob Schaefer, Jr..
Much work and research in compiler theory and design was caused by the need to generate good code for Fortran programs.
Nearly all branches of science have contributed to the understanding of the main events of the Earth's past.
It is also the longest-running serial produced in Hollywood.
He was, before 1990 - 91, player-coach of the Diables Rouges de Briançon.
See Naming conventions to learn how we title articles and for a list of pages that have been made read-only to unregistered users or non-administrators.
She is well known as the author of The Tale of Genji, written around year 1000.
Eoraptor probably resembles the common ancestor of all dinosaurs; its traits suggest that the first dinosaurs were small, bipedal predators.
In November 2004, Geronimo released her second album, Sweet Sixteen, with How Could You Say You Love Me as its first single.
The British Rail Class 502 was a type of electric multiple unit originally built by the London Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works workshop.
Fernelmont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Hubay and Popper often played piano trios with Johannes Brahms.
Another well-known nuclear-free community is Berkeley, California, whose citizens passed the Nuclear Free Berkeley Act in 1986 which allows the city to levy fines for nuclear weapons-related activity and to boycott companies involved in the United States nuclear infrastructure.
Treacle is a type of syrup.
Albiorix is a non-spherical moon of Saturn.
The car's metal body parts were partially cut away to allow more ground clearance and suspension travel.
Some red giants have names like Mira, Aldebaran, Arcturus and Gamma Crucis.
Belfour and Brodeur are tied for second, having each won the trophy four times.
It's quick and possesses a damaging set of attacks", yet called it lame due to its status as a Pokémon.
Matthias Sindelar is a former Austrian football player.
Until the mid-1800s, it was mostly a farming community; its name, as well as that of the Matterhorn itself, derives from the alpine meadows, or matten, in the valley.
Some buildings have cellars which lead into each other.
In total the sculpture cost # 1.42 million to design and construct - twice the original estimate, as the initial costing had neglected to include installation costs.
Between 1918 and 1940 the center of the city undertook large renovation work.
This was followed by a return to past style series in the form of Ultraman Max.
Being the primary language of the Lao people, Lao is also an important second language for the multitude of ethnic groups in Laos and in Isan.
Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire had a remake called Pokémon Emerald, which changed a few things, and added a Battle Frontier.
The Lion King 1 1/2 is the prequel to The Lion King made by The Walt Disney Company.
The Presidents' Trophy is an award presented by the National Hockey League to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season.
Both are versions of unlicensed wireless technology.
As of 2000, the population was 4,953.
At that time the word great meant big.
At the time there was no state, but towards the end of the 14th century early forms of government were established.
Her name was Zarrín Táj Baragháni, and she was a poet.
It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
The 2004 route ended with a 45 mile criterium in London, where tens of thousands of people watching saw a long break by Londoner Bradley Wiggins last until the final lap.
Enrico Degano of Team Barloworld passed him on the final lap to win that stage of the race.
Feather dusters use the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as dander.
The Arthaśhāstra identifies its author by the name Kautilya, except for one verse which refers to him by the name Vishnugupta.
In temperate climates, and tropical climates with a single wet-dry season alternation, the growth rings are annual, each pair of light and dark rings being one year of growth; these are known as annual rings.
A good example of this is the Orion Nebula.
Luduş is a town in Mureş County, Romania.
According to Lynch, "her works appear to have proven more hospitable to sequelisation than those of almost any other novelist".
Failure of the summer monsoons and administrative shortcomings of the Ryotwari system resulted in a severe famine in the Madras Presidency during 1876 - 1877.
All submissions to the project are covered by the Open Publication License unless otherwise noted in order to allow submission to the Fedora Documentation Project.
The first official use of the name "Antarctica" as a continental name in the 1890s is said to have been used by Scottish cartographer John George Bartholomew.
He has played for Brazil national team.
"It had the following sections: editorials, international news, domestical news, local news, industry and trade, law and society, sports and education, literature and art, and advertisements.
Zé Roberto is a Brazilian football player.
He plays for Hamburger SV.
However timpano is rarely used in informal English.
More often, a timpano is referred to as a drum, a timpani, or simply a timp.
A cameo role or cameo appearance is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts, such as plays, films, video games and television.
Riencourt-l ès - Cagnicourt is a commune.
Semele is a person in Greek mythology.
A more elaborate version of the system is the Extended Basic Roman spelling of English, which uses also the letters 'j' and 'w', and has two specific two-letter combinations for the English voiced and voiceless dental fricatives.
Vallejo is a city in Solano County, California, United States.
Richard Hatch, Jenna Lewis, Rudy Boesch, Susan Hawk and Colleen Haskell were asked to return in the eighth season of Survivor.
USb was designed to be easy to use.
When the connectors were designed, lessons learned from other connection techologies were also applied to USB connectors.
The Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force members of 3FS were billeted at St Anne's Girls School, Townsville.
Kumho also disagreed with certain aspects of the tire expert's methodology, and asked the federal district court hearing the case to exclude it under Rule 702 of the Federal Rules of Evidence.
Dattatreya is usually depicted with three heads, symbolising Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva; past, present, and future; and the three states of consciousness: waking, dreaming, and dreamless sleep.
They are also marketed in jars and tubes as a paste, mostly for use in making sauces, such as anchovy essence.
The final two teams in the Eastern conference and Western Conference face off.
Sichuan peppercorns are one of the traditional ingredients in the Chinese spice mixture five-spice powder and also shichimi togarashi, a Japanese seven-flavour seasoning.
Graffiti can be thought of as a part of hip hop or street protest.
The Cleveland Orchestra is an American orchestra based in Cleveland, Ohio.
Wendell is a city of Idaho in the United States.
C2 Green Tea is a bottled green tea beverage produced and manufactured by Universal Robina.
Others will not be able to find your user page using, they will be able to visit it only by going to.
The Bay of Campeche is an area in the southwestern Gulf of Mexico.
These early attempts to create sky blue colors were often less than satisfactory due to greenish hues and lack of permanence.
These isotopic fingerprints are preserved in the sediments, and Mojzis has used this technique to suggest that life existed on the planet already by 3.85 billion years ago.
The island has no native people living on it, but is given the ISO 3166-1 country code SJ, the Internet country code top-level domain.
The depression developed an area of squalls.
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film, Live Action.
Hassocks is a large village in West Sussex, England.
In 1902 he became conductor at the historic Vienna Theater an der Wien, where his first opera Wiener Frauen was performed in November of that year.
Although both the states now had more freedom to do as they pleased then they did as Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Serbia and Montenegro was still a Sovereign State united under one government.
Ludiano is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
In 1831, an outbreak of cholera devastated the region and eliminated most if not all of the Mandaean religious authorities.
This limitation can serve as encouragement to follow through with physical therapy sessions to help improve endurance.
Frankenstein dies.
The monster sees Frankenstein.
The economics of nuclear power has been a factor in anti-nuclear campaigns, with critics arguing that such power is uneconomical in Australia, particularly given the country's abundance of coal resources.
Since Palau, there have been four tie situations that were solved with fire-making challenges, all of which were at the Final Four stage of the game.
Chirols is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
Five Nobel prizes are attached to the Institute's researchers.
As the name suggests, such directories were originally printed on yellow paper, as opposed to white pages for non-commercial listings.
The ratio of axises of the Cressida's prolate spheroid is 0.8 0.3.
The moon is named after Portia, the heroine of William Shakespeare's play The Merchant of Venice.
In recent years, widespread wrestling discussion on the Internet popularized the terms.
It is estimated that $ 30 - 40 million in damage to lemon trees occurred.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Most often, this infection is caused by microorganisms, like viruses, bacteria, fungi or parasites.
Other problems are crime, corruption, and HIV/AIDS.
Riker soon becomes very comfortable on the Enterprise, many times refusing offers of his own command.
On part 1-2 on the episode "The Best of Both Worlds" Riker takes command on the Enterprise and orders Jean-Luc Picard rescued.
Anglo-Egyptian Sudan had eight mudiriyat, or provinces, which were ambiguous when created but became well defined by the beginning of the Second World War.
A chord progression is a part of music, made up several of chords played one after another.
Many Italians worked in the coal industry.
Hiéville is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Napoleon occupied the palace, while his troops camped nearby.
The freshwater mussels and saltwater mussels are not closely related, despite the fact that they may look similar.
They are grouped in different subclasses.
In late 1950, Rickey's contract as the Dodgers' team President expired.
This page assumes that you still want to visit Wikipedia and you do not wish to enter discussions within Wikipedia policy to have the image changed, removed or deleted by building consensus.
Holiday said that she began using hard drugs in the early 1940s.
The main means of transportation are bicycles and cidomo.
William Whewell was an English polymath, Anglican priest, philosopher, theologian, and historian of science.
Engis 26.
It is there mainly to protect the cell from damage.
It is also there to make the cell strong, to keep its shape, and to control the growing of the cell and plant.
Blue Jays can make many different sounds, and single sounds may vary perceptibly in their calling style.
Siegen is a city in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia.
The wind power industry is also creating thousands of jobs for communities and for the state.
One understanding on this comes from Roman Catholicism: they hold that "likenesses" may be built and used, as long as the object is not worshipped.
It is located at 26 53' 30N 67 45' 0E.
In each episode the Storypeople magically receive an object sent to them by a child or group of children.
The book was read by so many people that Sigmund Freud reported some patients who he believed had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in Uncle Tom's Cabin.
This can be read out loud as "a divided by b" or "a over b".
He was the great-grandson of Bahá 'u'll áh who founded the religion known as the Bahá' í Faith.
Calgary is another city in Alberta.
Stollberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony, and was capital of the Stollberg Rural District.
Although Hugo's many talents did not include exceptional musical ability, he nevertheless had a great impact on the music world through the endless inspiration that his works provided for composers of the 19th and 20th century.
Isaac Newton also studied comets, but he thought that comets were do to "vapors rising from the soil".
In 1953, Robinson had 109 runs, a.329 batting average, and 17 steals. He led the Dodgers to another National League pennant.
The factory was begun under Prince-Bishop, Prince-Abbot Heinrich von Bibra and closed down shortly after his death by his successor, Prince-Bishop, Prince-Abbot Adalbert von Harstall.
This template makes the font smaller.
Since 1980 the flowers that decorate the concert hall are a gift each year from the city of Sanremo, Liguria, Italy.
Preuteşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.
The word Franciscan is used to refer to a follower of one of the religious orders that follow the Rule of St Francis.
As a kurma, Vishnu is the symbol of strength and stability.
In this way division competition is the same opponents except for the 2 games given based on the strength of the each team's season record from the year before.
Twelve teams each played 76 games.
Bibb's design served as the official seal until 1868, when it was replaced by a controversial design having on it an eagle holding in its beak a banner that read "Here We Rest."
Mikhail Tal, known as Mischa, was a Soviet - Latvian chess player, a Grandmaster, and the eighth World Chess Champion.
Saint-Romain-'Ay is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.
He pointed out that personal experience has an effect on what people see and how they see, and that vision and perception are subjective.
Pleigne is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Most associations have some kind of document or documents that regulate the way in which the body meets and operates.
Huckleberry is a name used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in the family Ericaceae: Gaylussacia and Vaccinium.
Cerium has a large number of isotopes.
Two Royal Australian Navy ships have been named after this town.
Most diatoms are unicellular, although some form chains or simple colonies.
Clive Charles is a former English football player.
De Ruyter fought the English in the three Anglo-Dutch Wars and scored several huge victories.
By the early seventeenth century there was a lot of small brick and tile making companies and during this time pieces of common land were given for house building and small businesses.
Siddig is the nephew of English actor Malcolm McDowell and of former Sudanese Prime Minister Sadiq al-Mahdi.
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery 17.
Christians believe that through faith in God they are spiritually made alive with Jesus so that they may lead a new life.
Xavier Margairaz is a Swiss football player.
He plays for Zürich.
Each area is called a canton.
A canton is like a state in the United States.
Capitán Sarmiento is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
MIT developed Kerberos to protect network services provided by Project Athena.
The Caryophyllaceae, commonly called the pink family or carnation family, is a family of flowering plants.
An informal fallacy is an argument whose stated premises fail to support their proposed conclusion.
Anything sent through the postal system is called mail or post.
Pickett, Inc. was given exclusive rights to the scale.
There was a temple built to her at Philae.
The rounding factor is always 1.
He was awarded with the first Prince of Asturias Award in sports category in 1987.
Moses was a religious leader, lawgiver, and prophet according to the Hebrew Bible.
Generally, he is also seen as the author of the Torah.
The pair soon found that they shared comic interests, formed a double act, and "decided to be the new Goodies".
After Anton Szandor LaVey's death, his partner Blanche Barton became head of the Church of Satan.
D. For most of 1904, the Ottawa Senators were not affiliated with any league.
Camille strengthened further over the Gulf of Mexico and made landfall with a pressure of 905 mbar, estimated sustained winds of 190 mph, and a peak storm surge of 24 feet; by maximum sustained wind speeds, Camille was the strongest landfalling tropical cyclone recorded worldwide, and one of only four tropical cyclones worldwide ever to achieve wind speeds of 190 mph.
The hurricane flattened nearly everything along the coast of the U.S. state of Mississippi, and caused additional flooding and deaths inland while crossing the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia.
A Planet Called Treason is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
She trained in several places to get better at wrestling before working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in June 2002.
It was a center of heavy industry, having a long coal mining tradition which died out by 1950, and was until the 1960s home to the infamous White's chemical works, which was responsible for huge swathes of the area from southern Glasgow across to the town of Cambuslang being polluted with chromium waste.
Starting in April 2007 with Backlash, all pay-per-views now feature all the brands as they originally were in 2002.
It is the third largest district in Jammu and Kashmir after Leh and Kargil.
The previously independent Vailsburg borough was annexed by Newark on January 1, 1905.
The music video featured Donghae from Super Junior.
Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy: Roy Worters and Al Rollins.
Modulus of Resilience, can be calculated using the following formula:, where is yield stress, E is Young's modulus, and is strain.
Perry or pear cider is an alcoholic drink that is made from pear juice.
In 2007 Rick Astley became the subject of a viral Internet meme in which an estimated 25 million Internet users were tricked into watching Rick Astley's video "Never Gonna Give You Up" by posting it under the name of other popular video titles.
The parameters used here are artificially small, but you can also.
Born and raised in Montreal, he was given his nickname due to friends deciding he looked like comic-strip character Andy Gump.
The function α grows extremely slowly, so that for all practical purposes it may be considered a constant no greater than 4; thus Chazelle's algorithm takes very close to linear time.
This is because it was the home of several goalkeepers.
The most known of them is Taffarel, who played in the Brazilian Soccer Team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup, in Italy.
1950 was a common year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar.
It was founded by Li Hongzhi in 1992.
People who follow Falun Gong do five exercises and read books written by Li Hongzhi.
Nienburg is a town and capital of the district Nienburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
A leader of the new Federalist party, Jay was governor of New York from 1795 to 1801. He was the leading opponent of slavery and the slave trade in New York.
Even though ska was developed in the 1950s, it became popular again in the 1980s in Britain. In the 1980s, ska bands such as The Specials, The Selecter, The English Beat, and Madness played ska music.
Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot has a song about Yonge Street, titled "On Yonge Street", on his album A Painter Passing Through.
Defines if warning to an anonymous IP address should be accompanied with a shared IP notice.
Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
However, as this was prohibited by authorities for the historic importance of the place, so Brugsen sold the ground to the folk music ensemble Tingluti in 1978.
Oxegen is an annual music festival held since 2004, sponsored by Heineken and is Ireland's biggest festival.
Lontzen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.
In 1872 the Great Eastern Railway opened a new branch to Hackney Downs to serve this branch a new junction was built to the west of Cambridge Heath Road.
Branches from the Sydenham line at Sunshine station.
The crust is distinguished from the upper mantle by the change in chemical composition that takes place at the Moho discontinuity.
Agriculture and the building trades are the primary sources of employment in the town.
The SS was responsible for establishing and operating concentration camps and extermination camps in which millions of inmates died of inhumane treatment, exploitation, malnutrition or medical experiments.
The disconnect often arises because there is a hidden co-premise. If this co premise were stated, it would validate the argument.
New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Service have an Information Centre in the town.
Khanewal District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Earnhardt Ganassi Racing is a NASCAR race team founded by Dale Earnhardt.
Bouilly is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.
A band called The Meters played funk music in New Orleans.
The Meters had hit songs such as "Sophisticated Cissy" and "Cissy Strut" in 1969.
Puyméras is a commune of 610 people.
It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte 'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.
He directed most of his films in the Soviet Union, with the exception of his last two films which were produced in Italy and Sweden.
If a mal lands on circle that another mal of the own team exist, two mals can make a group, and move together. The team that all of their mals arrives the start point again becomes the winner of game.
The following languages are based on XML.
Superman is a famous comic book character.
He is possibly the first modern superhero character.
It is the highest peak of the Strandzha massif and also the European part of Turkey.
He was moderately well known during his life, but it was after his death that most of his works were published.
The shooter will then normally try to pocket the unracked fifteenth colored ball, and at the same time have the cue ball smash into the fourteen racked balls, spreading them so that later shots are available, and the player continue at the table.
Between 1992 and 1996, law enforcement agencies in Russia mainly focused on drug trafficking, arms trafficking, money laundering and the First Chechen War, and environmental crimes like poaching and illegal timber smuggling were generally not treated as national security issues.
The Wanderers loaned Holmes to the Seattle Metropolitans of the PCHA, but he eventually came back to the NHL when Seattle loaned him to Toronto.
Gordon would remain a major hurricane for over 24 hours before cooler water began to set in and Gordon gradually weakened, beginning early on September 15.
Norio Takahashi is a former Japanese football player.
Use of the term "ace" in military aviation began in World War I. French newspapers called Adolphe Pegoud, as 'as after he became the first pilot to shoot down five German aircraft.
Harnes is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
If you create a disambiguation page, put a link to it in one of those pages as appropriate.
Juvanzé is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.
Bucov is a commune in the Prahova County, Romania.
The spelling Montecristi is also seen.
The President of the Medical Association in Germany announced, "German women do 't smoke".
The geocentric model, consistent with planetary parallax, was assumed to be an explanation for the unobservability of the parallel phenomenon, stellar parallax.
Madison is a city of Florida in the United States.
The Mail on Sunday is a British newspaper.
In 1926, he became professor of organ performance and improvisation at the Paris Conservatoire, and stayed in that job until 1954.
The report was written by the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority.
Cleveland left the production team and Redford and 'Donnell were promoted to co-producer.
These settlements are nestled on mountains about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad.
The Union Internationale des Associations 'Alpinisme has defined a list of 82 "official" Alpine ,000-meter peaks.
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
It seems that Orsino is having little luck courting Olivia, who is in mourning for the deaths of her father and brother. As Orsino's proxy, Viola is sent to Olivia with love letters.
Walking Trees: Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools is the story of Ralph Fletcher's work in the New York City school system as a teacher trainer program to teach teachers about writing.
About 80 % of people in Shillong can read, which is higher than the national average of 59.5 %.
The Mustagh Pass or Muztagh Pass is a pass across the Baltoro Muztagh range in the Karakorams and includes K2, the world's second highest mountain.
He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna as well as for theaters in Graz, Augsburg and Vienna.
The US sent two U.S. Air Force C-17's carrying supplies, which included tents and generators.
Schiller's story is based on the true story of the life of Carlos, Prince of Asturias who was promised that he could marry Elisabeth of Valois, but then his father, Philip II of Spain, changed his mind and married her himself. It was part of the peace treaty ending the Italian War of 1551-1559 between the Houses of Habsburg and Valois.
Saving Abel is an American rock band formed in 2004 in Mississippi.
Saving Abel makes records for Virgin Records.
In the March 2008 issue of WWE Magazine, WWE set designer Jason Robinson revealed that a steel rig with a tarpaulin roof would be built above the ring itself to prevent rain.
Bignasco is not a free municipality anymore after merging with another village to become Cevio.
Unlike all the other pieces, pawns can not move backwards.
Most of the time, a pawn moves by going up a single square, but the first time each pawn is moved from its starting place, it can go forward two squares.
Between 1403 and 1422 some of these lands were already annexed by forces from Uri, but subsequently lost.
Elsa and her new husband enter to the well-known music called the Bridal Chorus.
The couple say they love one another.
John Felix Anthony Cena, Jr. is an American professional wrestler, hip hop musician and actor.
Different kinds of wild animals including species from the continents of Africa, Asia, Europe, North and South America, and Australia are kept in the Park.
Champfromier is a commune.
Evita is a musical written by Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber, based on the life of Eva Peron, the wife of Argentine President Juan Peron.
It is based on Voice of America Special English.
If the individuals specified in the template consider themselves to be in a marriage as defined in the article Marriage, then this template is applicable.
At Backlash, Michaels suffered a loss, when the Spirit Squad interfered on behalf of The McMahons.
Randy Orton defended his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match next.
For example, No. 2 fuel oil, No. 2 distillate and No. 2 diesel fuel oil are almost the same thing.
The county has an area of ,149 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.
When I was in university, there was this major historian of the Third Reich, Ian Kershaw, who said, 'The path to Auschwitz was paved with indifference.'
Anatotitan was shown in the movie When Dinosaurs Roamed America and the television series Walking with Dinosaurs.
Worf is the first Klingon main character to appear in star trek, and has appeared in more star trek episodes than any other character.
In the north, Japanese people are very numerous.
Because she liked the training environment in Toronto, Kim made Toronto her training home.
At InVasion, the Inaugural Brawl took place between Team WCW/ECW and Team WWF.
There are 20 high schools, 30 middle schools, 93 elementary schools and 8 specialized schools.
Template to aid switching the font-size used for a text string.
Two years later, Metric released their second studio album on October 4, Live It Out.
This daily show deals with pop culture, internet viral videos, and celebrity gossip.
The Kunhar River, swollen by glacier melt, meanders its way through the Naran Valley.
Right whales were named by whalers who considered them the "right" whales to hunt, since they were rich in blubber, they were easy to catch and they floated after being killed.
It is made from meat off-cuts and offal, especially pork.
James has two tattoos.
She has an Asian symbol meaning 'love' on her ankle and a dragon that wraps around it.
There are lots of little clues/hints about this in the movie - many little things have a meaning - but we're not very "tight" with it, because we are hoping people will have their own ideas about the story, and make a new version of the movie.
The Hijra is celebrated annually on 8 Rabi' I, about 66 days after 1 Muharram, the first day of the Muslim year.
While educational attainment did not help reduce the income inequality between men and women, it did increase the earnings potential of individuals of both sexes, greatly enabling many households with graduate degree householder to enter the top household income quintile.
Amanda Jenssen was the first runner up at Pop idol Sweden 2007.
Her first album was released in 2008 and became a number 1 album on the charts.
Areas of the state far away from the Gulf are not immune to the effects of the storms, which often dump big amounts of rain as they move inland and weaken.
Van der Sloot stated that he attempted to revive her, without success.
Because of that, Chomsky became more widely known for his media criticism and politics.
Edward Charles "Whitey" Ford is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who spent his entire 18-year career with the New York Yankees.
In 2009 Foster was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award in the Arts category.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
Since then, Ipswich Town remain undefeated at Portman Road in all European competitions.
They have played a total of 31 matches over 40 years, a world record until it was beaten by AZ Alkmaar in December 2007.
The original development of this system can be linked to Hurricane Florence.
Brian Cowen is the current Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland.
The ICRC headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland.
It won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program in 1990.
Although a rural settlement, it lies within commuting distance of Glasgow, and serves as a dormitory town.
The code was confirmed to be genuine as its output matched that of proprietary software using licensed RC4.
They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers.
They are by nature quite loving.
I have aimed higher than this".
Morgan lost most of the early Reward and Immunity challenges, leaving them three players down and with less items to work with at camp.
Note that the sum of the residuals within a random sample must be zero.
The residuals are therefore not independent.
A handwriting analysis conclusively matched the two.
Their numerous needle-like teeth are perfect for holding on to struggling, slippery fish.
The Petronas Twin Towers are two very tall skyscrapers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
In 2007, Universal bought BMG's music publishing branch and folded it into the "Universal Music Publishing" division.
It is a Punjabi film starring legendary actor Sultan Rahi in the lead role and with Aseia and Mustafa Qureshi as the villain Noori Nuth.
In Tamil, the unripe fruit is referred to as 'narthangai', which is usually salted and dried to make a preserve.
Analysis of Nile River deposited sediments in the delta also shows this period had a higher proportion of sediments coming from the Blue Nile, suggesting higher rainfall also in the Ethiopian Highlands.
News and current affairs programming has always constituted the dominant part of BBC Radio Scotland's schedules, especially on weekdays.
By mid-September 1918, over 623 protests and or riots had happened in 38 cities, 153 towns and 177 villages, with over 2 million people taking part in them.
It is required to calculate the twist of an object subjected to a torque.
Manager Leo Durocher told the team, "I do not care if the guy is yellow or black, or if he has stripes like a fuckin' zebra.
In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 10.
There is a surgery called vasectomy that is a method of contraception. The two vasa deferentia are cut and sealed, so the sperm can not get out of the body.
The Mongolic languages are a group of languages that are spoken in Central Asia.
Neptune's closest four moons, Naiad, Thalassa, Despina, and Galatea, orbit close enough to be inside Neptune's rings.
He founded the Socialist League in 1884.
However, he broke with the movement over goals and methods by the end of that decade.
Lange's photographs made human the tragic consequences of the Great Depression and greatly influenced the development of documentary photography.
It is also called Gaussian distribution, because it was discovered by Carl Friedrich Gauss.
Miskolc is in the north-eastern part of the country, east from the Bükk mountains, in the valley of the river Sajó and the streams Hejő and Szinva.
Kale or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
The site receives over two million new job listings each month.
So it is one of the top job boards in the world.
In 1517, he published a list of 95 Theses, or points to be debated, concerning the illicitness of selling indulgences.
These factors made the Islamic conquest of Persia easier than it would have been in earlier times.
This would explain why Paul Bunyan's last name is "Bunyan", because "Bunyan" sounds like the French-Canadian slang word "Bonyenne", which is something that they might say when they are surprised, like how people who speak English might say "Good Grief" or "My Goodness".
Chacrise is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
A plastic is a material that can change its shape, so many things can be made of plastic.
This is known as the Calypso Hurricane.
This means that design management is not limited on a single design discipline.
Skol is a brand of beer made by the Danish company Carlsberg Group. Skol was first brewed in 1959 for European customers.
In 1959, Dodd was selected for the University of Tennessee's Hall of Fame and to the College Football Hall of Fame as a player.
Her lie about getting the Hidden Immunity Idol proved to be untrue; she was voted out 5-2.
Ordinarily produces density output: permi2/sq mi.
In 1912, on an expedition to Vietnam, he discovered and named the Tonkin Snub-nosed Langur.
Villamanín is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.
Though poverty was rampant the Green daughters wrote friends asking for any amount money they could give.
In those cases, there was a cutoff of energetic electrons as Cassini crossed into the moons' plasma shadows.
Fielding took from the writing of the Scriblerus Club and other plays.
In 1978, he became assistant conductor at the Kirov Opera, now the Mariinsky Opera.
His first conducting appearance was with Sergei Prokofiev's War and Peace.
The American Robin was named after the European Robin.
The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is a sports stadium in Los Angeles, California.
On that same day it became Tropical Storm Bertha.
It also has a football team called Leeds United.
Yorkshire Cricket play in Leeds too.
In 1961, he became a privatdozent in Marburg, and he began working as a "extraordinary professor" of philosophy at the University of Heidelberg in 1962.
112 is an American R&B quartet that came from Atlanta, Georgia.
Blair is the wife of Tony Blair, who was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and daughter of the actor Tony Booth.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
During the early 1930s Ellis worked with N.F. Mott on energy relations in beta decay.
Yangon became the capital of Union of Burma on 4 January 1948 when the country regained independence from the British Empire.
Ainaži is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1626.
This gives an axial tilt of about 14 or 54, respectively.
People play "Ding-Dong Ditch": in this 'game', people knock on doors and then run and hide.
Christopher "Kit" Marlowe was a major dramatist, poet, and translator of English Renaissance drama.
A number of species such as Sargassum have adapted to a fully planktonic niche and are free-floating, depending on gas-filled sacs to maintain an acceptable depth.
Deliverance was released on November 4, 2002, and debuted at number 19 on the US Top Independent Albums chart, marking the band's first US chart appearance.
Pizmonim are Jewish songs and melodies sang to praise God.
Balaenoptera omurai is a species of whale.
Almost nothing is known about it.
Under the sakura trees, people had lunch and drank sake in cheerful feasts.
Caesarion is probably the son of Julius Caesar.
If so, he is the only known son of Caesar.
Christopher Paolini is an American writer.
It's a good practice to provide a valid reference for the prices calculated with this template in the articles where it's used.
The Ares V is a space rocket.
A Computing platform is a well defined set of hardware or software that allows application programs to run.
It results in the formation of carbonic acid.
West was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina; there, he became an Eagle Scout with Bronze Palms, and attended Atkins High School, graduating as valedictorian in 1959.
In 1671 Cardinal Altieri said it could be used for bullfights.
The unfree workers and slaves were Malays, and Malagasy in addition to the native Khoi and Bushmen.
When the Treaty was accepted by 64 votes to 57, de Valera and a large minority of Sinn Féin TDs left Dáil Éireann.
Many Ultramen are usually red and silver and have glowing yellow eyes and they have many abilities, most of them are to fire energy beams from many positions of crossed hands.
The prayer "O Sacred Heart of Jesus, I place all my trust in Thee" is often used.
Yasuyuki Moriyama is a former Japanese football player.
The stadium holds ,000 people.
It is the second game in the Ratchet & Clank series.
State Shinto was the main religion of Japan before World War II. Many Shinto customs are not done in Japan today, and some are still done every day, but they are not meant to be religious actions.
Rigel is much bigger than our star here in the solar system, the Sun.
African diasporic religions are a number of related religions that developed in the Americas among African slaves and their descendants in various countries of the Caribbean Islands and Latin America, as well as parts of the southern United States.
Florence and the Machine, is the recording name of Florence Welch and a collaboration of other artists who provide backing music for her voice.
Rafael Scheidt is a former Brazilian football player.
To this day, Pakistan has a close relationship with Turkey.
There, Kwok performed in PVs and a variety of TV shows.
A supercentenarian is a person who lived to be 110 years old or more.
It never affected land until the very end of its lifespan as a weak extratropical system, which only had minor impact in the northern British Isles.
AboutUs.org is a wiki Internet domain directory.
She released her first album on CD, "Ajda' 90" in 1990.
271 - 301: A period of dynastic struggles.
In February 2009 Manchester City Council announced that the sculpture would be taken apart and placed in storage, as the "only practical alternative".
He stayed there for nine years, although other conductors, including Bruno Walter, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Igor Stravinsky, and Arturo Toscanini, led about half the concerts.
The devil's stone weighs 220 tons.
We can not say: "with probability the parameter μ lies in the confidence interval." We only know that by repetition in 100 % of the cases μ will be in the calculated interval.
The video was directed by Hype Williams, and was premiered on December 16 2005.
Jains successfully sustained this ancient religion to this era and have significantly influenced and contributed to ethical, political and economic spheres in India.
Archosaurs are a group of reptiles, including all crocodiles, birds, dinosaurs, and pterosaurs.
Pedro II succeded his father in the Brazilian Throne when he was 16 years of age. Pedro I had to return to Portugal in order to rule over the country as an Emperor and this action made him abdicate from the Brazilian Throne in favor of his son.
The Sugar Bowl is a American college football bowl game at the Louisiana Superdome.
It can be caused by not having enough vitamins, especially Vitamin B12 or folic acid.
Less than 10 % of all cartels in the sample failed to raise market prices.
In 2005 and 2006, in Bulgaria, the Bulgarian State Railways begin working Desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with Siemens AG for a total of 25 Diesel multiple units.
It is a large family, with 88 genera and some ,000 species.
One night after finishing recording "Shiver", the lead single of the album, the band took a break and went out of the studio.
Some cyclopoid copepods are predators on first instar larvae, killing up to 40 Aedes larvae per day.
If a page was originally at a name that is now a redirect as a result of a move, evidently Google continues to index the content at the original page name.
He spent much of his time in Britain and the United States.
The Nilotic tribes are probably an offshoot of the Acholi.
They appear to have crossed the lake to reach their current home, the country around Kavirondo Gulf.
A Black Knight is a knight who does 't serve a lord.
Savonarola was born in Ferrara, the which was the capital of the independant Duchy of Ferrara.
Crawford is a town in Texas, in the United States.
They have been planted in some places to lower the water table and reduce the amount of salt in the soil.
The period of Hideyoshi's rule is usually called the Momoyama period.
The body of the brush can be made of bamboo, or rare materials like red sandalwood, glass, ivory, silver and gold.
Cristina Elisabet Fernández de Kirchner, also called Cristina Fernàndez or Cristina Kirchner, is the current President of Argentina.
"Gin and Juice" is a song by Snoop Doggy Dogg and produced by Dr. Dre, The song pay homage to Seagrams and Tanqueray gin and features Daz Dillinger.
At the tour's final stop in Honolulu, Hawaii on February 9, 1997, Shepherd threw his bass into the air in frustration after suffering equipment failure, and subsequently stormed off the stage.
Steffi Graf is a retired professional women's tennis player from Germany.
Some, particularly older historians from countries that carried out the partitions, such as 19th century Russian scholar Sergey Solovyov argued that partitions were justified, as the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth had degenerated to the point of being partitioned because of the counterproductive principle of liberum veto that made decision-making on divisive issues, such as a wide-scale social reform, virtually impossible.
In 1993, Dushku got the role as Pearl alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio in This Boy's Life.
The Site is still owned by James Cook University even though the only building on the site is the bunker, accept for all the old slabs on the site.
V. On September 20, another hurricane hit Dominica, causing an additional 165 deaths.
The tabla is a popular Indian drum used in classical, popular and devotional music of India.
The Battle of Granada was a siege of the city of Granada.
It was fought several months and lead to the surrender of Granada on January 2, 1492.
Brussels is the capital city of Belgium and the European Union.
Though not free, villeins were by no means in the same position as slaves: they enjoyed legal rights, subject to local custom, and had recourse to the law, subject to court charges which were an additional source of manorial income.
After the script is translated from Japanese, the lines are adapted to fit the movements of the character's mouth.
Aeschylus' work was so respected by the Athenians that after his death, his were the only tragedies allowed to be restaged in future competitions.
Villmergen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
This is the list of the 11 shortest-reigning popes.
Noble County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
He was a teacher at the Académie Julian in Paris.
There are a lot of foxes in Japanese folklore.
He struggled to draw this match with Bronstein, and had weak tournament results.
Botvinnik did not play in the Soviet team that won the 1952 Chess Olympiad in Helsinki: the players voted for the line-up and placed Botvinnik on second board, with Keres on top board; Botvinnik protested and refused to play.
Deomyinae is the older and more appropriate name.
She became an orphan.
She requested that her uncle, James Buchanan, be made her guardian.
Allotinus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
There were only reports of toppled trees and power lines, knocking out power to some communities, particularly on Santa Maria Island.
Primarily, the Class 378 will feature fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on London Underground rolling stock, which is necessary for the high passenger volume services expected to be run on London Overground.
The climate is warm and humid.
It is heavily influenced by warm sea currents.
London Victoria is a major London Underground, National Rail and Coach station in the City of Westminster.
Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Dera Ismail Khan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The word "Rinpoche" literally means "precious one".
King Charles was in the area at the time.
Tolstoy believed being a Christian meant that he had to be a pacifist; what happened as a result of this made him an anarchist.
Monroe had met Paula Strasberg and her daughter Susan on the set of There's No Business Like Show Business, and had previously said that she would like to study with Lee Strasberg at the Actors Studio.
The word "Leberkäse" literally translates to "liver-cheese".
There is neither cheese nor liver in the dish, though.
It is located in Gulf of Gemlik.
The novel goes through Tolstoy's theory of history, and in particular his idea of individuals such as Napoleon and Alexander as not important.
General Weygand and General von Gruennel are not mentioned in the document.
Since the club was taken over by the Lionheart Consortium, it was changed back to its original name, Almondvale Stadium.
Caid was the name given to several ancient and traditional Irish football games.
As a Category 2 storm, Ioke affected Johnston Atoll.
Heihachi also determined that Kazuya's remains and research data were secured at G Corporation's Nebraska and Nepal research laboratories, respectively.
Souclin is a commune.
The word Sunnah is an Arabic word meaning "tradition" or "way."
For Muslims, Sunnah means "the way of the prophet".
The 2002 World Wrestling Federation Brand Extension Draft took place at Penn State University in State College, Pennsylvania on March 25, 2002.
The eastern half consists of the tract known as the Nala, which includes, along with a number of low hills and much broken country, a considerable area of fairly good level land, portions of which are irrigated from wells and by cuts from the Haro and other smaller streams.
Niel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Pomps is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.
The sponsor of the Cyclassics, was the Hamburg Electrizität Werke, Hamburg electricity plant or "HEW", after it became part of the big "Vattenfall" company the Cyclassic changed its name too, and from 2006 this cycling race has been known as the Vattenfall Cyclassics.
He was born at Reus, a town near Taragon in the province of Catalonia in Spain.
In 2007, China's Shanghai Jiao Tong University said Ohio State was the 61st best university in the world.
He is best known for portraying Brent Leroy in the Canadian Corner Gas and for his stand-up comedy.
Natural gas prices rose considerably in New York Mercantile Exchange electronic trading on August 2.
Atari.
These rocks cool very fast and leave minerals behind and form these rocks.
Damage from Ike is guessed at $ 31.5 billion, the third most damaging hurricane in U.S. history, behind Katrina in 2005 and Andrew in 1992.
The great seal of the school was designed by Paul Revere.
However, it would be inappropriate to add the page to.
The altitude of Geneva is 373.6 m. That is the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton, two large rocks in the lake, are used as the reference point for all surveying in Switzerland.
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
The deal was completed on 13 June.
For example, it took Tazz assisting Raven at InVasion for Raven to beat William Regal.
Charles Higounet was a French historian medievalist, specialising in bastides and the medium age period in south-west of France.
Mukeshpuri and Miranjani are two nearby high peaks.
They can breath very hot flames that can melt anything.
In June 1993, more than 50,000 listeners gathered for his performance on the Great Lawn of New York's Central Park, while millions more around the world watched on television.
In addition to learning to play established or ancient pieces very well, highly skilled qin players may also compose or improvise, although the player must be very good and extremely familiar with the instrument to be successful at it.
However, positive steps have been taken by the Malaysian and Indonesian governments to prevent its extinction in the wild.
While her parents encouraged her dream of becoming an actress, they also urged her to finish a liberal arts education before deciding on acting as a career.
Her husband A. J. Donelson served as a secretary to the President Jackson. Her first months at the White House marked the mourning for the death of Rachel Donelson Jackson.
McComb is a city located in Pike County, Mississippi, about 80 miles south of Jackson, just off of Interstate 55.
Someone could push an adult on the swing.
The adult would accelerate slowly.
Since then, several women have attained the Vice Presidency, and the female proportion after the Cold War has been about 15 %.
They also have a fovea, atypical for nocturnal animals.
The template takes one parameter.
Rüştü Reçber is a Turkish football player.
It also has been in M80 radio and in Antenna 3 Radio.
The federal subject status gives the oblasts some degree of autonomy and gives them representation in the Federation Council.
More praise was given to its size and future potential based on user-created content.
Small criticism was made for certain parts of the gameplay and level creation tools.
A Winter in Majorca described the period that she and Chopin spent on that island in 1838-9.
She is an American drummer and vocalist. She is one half of The White Stripes with her ex-husband Jack White.
It was released for the GameCube, Xbox, PlayStation 2, and Windows in the United States on September 16, 2003 and in Europe on October 31, 2003.
The game was developed or made by Radical Entertainment and published or was put out to be sold by Vivendi Universal.
When Tropical Storm Zeta formed at 0600 UTC on December 31, it became the second latest-forming tropical cyclone ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean, forming about six hours earlier than Hurricane Alice did in 1954.
If the company uses proxy servers, this IP address may represent many users at many physical computers.
The 2009 - 10 season is the Nashville Predators' eleventh season in the National Hockey League.
A pornographic actor/actress or a porn star is somebody who appears in pornographic films.
Diapers can be made of cloth that can be washed and used again, or diapers can be disposable.
Kirby's Adventure, called in Japan, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.
In early designs a cache miss would force the cache controller to stall the processor and wait.
See link to make sure you know what an international version is.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
It is also designated Uranus XIII.
Its county seat is Sallisaw.
Illinois has 59 legislative districts.
It had two representatives and one senator from each district.
Pressures were high in the Gulf of Mexico, but the low strengthened into Tropical Depression Three on August 15.
Different instructions may take different amounts of time.
Most of the bands Michael has played with are in the power metal genre.
The city is the county seat of Sumter County.
Nagorno-Karabakh is an autonomous region of Azerbaijan.
Valentina Ivanovna Matviyenko it is the Russian statesman, Zampred of Government of Russia in 1998 - 2003, governor and chairman pravitelstva Saint Petersburgand with 2003.
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer was an American serial killer.
The Olt River runs from the Carpathian Mountains to Oltenia.
The Mureş runs through Transylvania from the east to the west.
His supporters believe he played a part in the design of the first American flag.
Toki Pona is a constructed language.
Sonja Elen Kisa made the language.
It contains 676 individually dated entries.
The entries are from September 1939 through May 1945.
Like in pair skating, dancers compete as a couple consisting of a man and a woman.
Miura-no-suke refused.
The company began with the name Galvin Manufacturing Corporation in 1928, and then later adopted the 'Motorola' name in 1947.
It was found by Charles Dillon Perrine at Lick Observatory in 1905 and is named after the mother by Zeus of the giant Tityus.
Since for most vehicles the wheels are the only part touching the ground, the axles must bear the weight of the vehicle plus any cargo.
In mythology Sagittarius is related to Greek myth of a centaur.
The governor of Louisiana is Bobby Jindal.
"County hall" is used for the headquarters of County council administrations.
The WWE punished ten wrestlers named in the issue, though Batista was not one of them.
The 2000 census shows that 79.9 % of Syrian Americans speak English "very well".
This is sometimes used to produce chronograms.
Rutherglen is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
You can use your user page to help you to use Wikipedia more effectively: to list "to do" information, works in progress, reminders, useful links, and so on.
Usually, it occurs before the actual comeback.
In 1753 France began building a series of forts in the British Ohio Country.
Conthey is the capital of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
"Wessex" has not had any official existence since that time, but we use the term Wessex for that area of England when talking about history. The 19th century novelist Thomas Hardy wrote about Wessex in his books which tell stories set in that area.
When the Constitution was written, constitutional democracy was still in its infancy, and the founding fathers of Switzerland had little in the way of examples.
Limpets eat by grazing on algae found on rock surfaces.
The channel also signed new multiyear agreements with Time Warner Cable, Cablevision, and Dish Network on October 22, 2009.
The first van to wear the Transit badge was the Taunus Transit.
His resignation came shortly before a vote was held to expel him.
The London Borough of Hillingdon is London borough, it is the most west borough of London.
For young or small trees with minimal crowns a TPZ equal to 1 foot for every inch of trunk diameter may be good enough.
It is also designated Uranus X.
Many of them got scurvy.
Metadata is data about data, that is information about other information.
If a child lives with one parent, that parent has "sole physical custody".
He or she is the "custodial parent".
In 1815 at the Congress of Vienna the Final Act only recognized 39 sovereign states in Europe.
Because of this, they said that in future new states would have to be recognized by other states.
They are a common sight along the Pacific Coast and USA, usually seen in the spring or autumn.
The Public Broadcasting Service is a non-profit public broadcasting television service with 349 member TV stations in the United States, with some member stations available by cable in Canada.
MEPIS distributions are created by Warren Woodford.
Later, it moved over southeastern New York State.
Khan Bahadur Khan Abdul Rehman Khan Sahib, a Minister in the North West Frontier Province from 1932 to 1942, was born in Nagri Totial.
At that time, Robert Peck decided to return to Hingham, Norfolk, and continued his pastorship of St. Andrews Church.
Singapore Airlines is the national airline of Singapore.
When they were freed they became pupils of Max Rostal who persuaded Schidlof to play the viola instead of the violin.
Modalists say that the only number given to God in the Holy Bible is One.
It lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne, opposite Newcastle upon Tyne.
At different times and places, non-Muslims living under Muslim rule were made to show respect to mosques.
The final part of the cell reproduction process is cell division, when daughter cells physically split apart from a parental cell.
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Don Walsh and Jacques Piccard are the first and only two persons till date to reach the deepest point of world's Oceans in Mariana Trench on 23 January 1960 aboard the Bathyscaphe Trieste.
No one was able to agree whether 2,000 or 3,000 people showed up.
Baucau is a city in East Timor.
It is located 129 k east of the capital, Dili.
Bonnie became a hurricane after passing to the north of Puerto Rico.
Bembridge is a village on the Isle of Wight.
In Britain, the term can mean either type of muffin.
Twisted shapes can be produced by rotating the plant with respect to gravity and directed light sources.
Mersenne primes have a close connection to perfect numbers, which are numbers equal to the sum of their proper divisors.
He spoke many languages and spent time in Italy and Ottoman Turkey before going to the United States in 1854.
Bourne End is a village in Buckinghamshire.
Eratosthenes made several remarkable discoveries and inventions.
He was the first person to calculate the circumference of the Earth, and he invented a system of latitude and longitude.
Their patent rights have been recognized for several centuries with the rise of paper mills.
The leader and oldest member in the group, he was discovered at the "2006 S.M. Academy Casting".
In 1885 Barbados became an independent colony again.
One can find sets of synonyms in a thesaurus.
In 1806 the Kingdom of Holland replaced the republic to further French interests.
An arpeggio is a type of broken chord, but there are many different kinds.
Another stigmergic computational technique based on bees is called bee colony optimization.
Safari is a web browser developed by Apple Inc. which can be downloaded free of charge.
Yoshio Kikugawa is a former Japanese football player.
In Cameron Parish, Louisiana, the Office of Emergency Preparedness started a mandatory evacuation, and Sheriff's deputies put up roadblocks.
Throwing the hurley is illegal, but camogie players may drop it to make a handpass.
The Main Ingredient is an American soul and R&B group best known for their 1972 hit song, "Everybody Plays the Fool".
The song was used in DragonForce's first music video.
Paul Steinitz was born in Chichester, West Sussex, in the south of England in 1909. His father was an Anglican clergyman.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Over 62,000 candidates take the ABRSM examinations every year in over ninety countries.
Some short-lived perennials may appear to be biennial rather than perennial.
Alberto continued its fast forward motion, and struck western Nova Scotia late on August 7.
In autumn 1558, Calvin became ill with a fever.
Willem Wissing, also known as William Wissing, was a Dutch portrait artist.
He painted many famous people of the day, including William III of England, Mary II of England, Anne of Great Britain.
It is 29 m north of Aberdeen and 3 m south of Peterhead.
Thrymr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 2,81,000 km in 1120.809 days, at an inclination of 175 to the ecliptic, with an eccentricity of 0.453.
He was convicted in June 2007 and was sentenced to death for crimes committed in the al-Anfal campaign of the 1980s.
Member organizations include Atheist Alliance International, the Institute for Humanist Studies, the Secular Student Alliance, the Secular Web, American Humanist Association, Society for Humanistic Judaism, the Freedom From Religion Foundation, the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers, the American Ethical Union, Camp Quest and American Atheists.
Writer Eli Attie called David Axelrod to talk about Obama after Obama's 2004 Democratic National Convention speech and says that he "drew inspiration from in drawing character," while actor Jimmy Smits says that Obama "was one of the people that I looked to draw upon."
Honduras is a country in Central America.
King Alfred the Great was born here in the 9th century.
Wantage appears in the Domesday Book of 1086.
Adam Clayton is the bassist for the rock band U2.
Skara Brae is a large stone-built Neolithic settlement on the Bay of Skaill on the west coast of mainland Orkney, Scotland.
Its purpose, in the home or in the car, is to provide comfort during hot days and nights.
In a 1704 legal case called The Queen v. Foxby, 6 Mod.
The plantain leaves often add an aroma to the dish.
In the Indian state of Kerala, a food preparation called "Ada" is made in plantain leaves.
The term comes from the custom of the commanding officer to fly a special flag to show he was present.
The town had a bigger population when the nearby DOE site was bigger.
When Eva falls into the water and he saves her, Eva's father, Augustine St. Clare, buys Tom.
From the mid-eighteenth century, the East India Company began to keep armies at each of its three main stations, or 'Presidencies', in India at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay.
The Bengal Army, Madras Army, and Bombay Army were quite different, each with its own list of Regiments and European officers.
Veltheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Further expansions of the company's publishing business include the purchase of how-to publisher Sterling Publishing in 2003 and the launch of Quamut in 2008.
It roughly includeded the territory of present-day northern Tunisia, north-eastern Algeria and the Mediterranean coast of modern-day western Libya along the Syrtis Minor.
The 'waist' is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips that humans have.
Widehem is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
There are many games for Xbox 360.
It forms part of the borders between Maryland, West Virginia, Washington, D.C., and Virginia.
"Lyric" is from the Greek; a lyric was originally a song sung with a lyre.
Unlike India, Bangladesh has introduced the death penalty for throwing acid and laws strictly controlling the sales of acids since 2002.
Trace a path across the IRC network to a specific server or client, in a similar method to traceroute.
The actress who played her is Wendy Richard.
Oat is the only cereal having a globulin or legume-like protein, avenalin, as the major storage protein.
Hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer.
Some people see him as the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity.
The British Rail Class 930 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units and diesel-electric multiple units converted for departmental use.
It is now known that a round dance is only a waggle dance with a very short "waggle run".
Austrian ethologist Karl von Frisch was one of the first people to translate the meaning of the waggle dance.
Chun was later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam with the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung, who had sentenced to death by Chun some 20 years earlier.
He committed suicide in 1929 when he was 71 years old.
This was not long after the death of his wife.
Prada is still in debt after buying Fendi.
The toothmarks are parallel with rough marks on the nut surface if a Wood Mouse made the hole. The Bank Vole leaves parallel grooves with no rough marks.
He also was an orator, and general of Athens.
He lived between the Persian and Peloponnesian wars.
Once upon a time, Hwanung, the God Hwanin 's son, wanted to go down to the human world.
On March 22, 2008, Hager went against the FCW Southern Heavyweight Champion Heath Miller, in New Port Richey, Florida, to determine the true Heavyweight Champion.
The Russian First Division is the second level of Russian professional football.
There are many kinds of cocktails.
This is a common process in plants especially those which exhibit polyploidy.
Lucuma is used in a variety of culinary drinks and desserts.
Lucuma is the most popular ice cream flavor in Peru.
Free content, or free information, is any kind of work, artwork, or other creative content which does not have lots of legal restriction about how people can use it.
That's why the town Ebern is named after the boar, and the town's flag carries the head of the boar.
BP will operate phase I of the project.
La Nuestra Tierra was a weekly newspaper edited by the IDEL between 2000 and 2004.
A hurricane struck Antigua on August 17 and moved westward to Jamaica before continuing westward to Vera Cruz, Mexico.
Some hardware and DIY enthusiasts have found ways to connect a wide array of input devices to the game port and even found other applications for it, such as voltage or current measurement or simple interfacing and data acquisition.
In certain applications, such as air compression, multi-stage double-acting compressors are said to be the most efficient compressors available, and are typically larger, noisier, and more costly than comparable rotary units.
Indeed, a non-zero level of inter-group co-operation is predicted, even if the group members are entirely unrelated, as long as there is competition between groups.
Common lyrical themes are loneliness, isolation and failed social lives.
The time of the three kingdoms ended in 668 when Silla conquered the other two.
It beat Goguryeo after Baekje.
Clara was born Clara Wieck.
Eckerö is a municipality in the Åland Islands, Finland.
Most of the municipalities did not want to do that, and the new municipality contains only the municipalities of Faido, Chiggiogna, Rossura, and Calonico.
Twinkle was and is developed on the English Wikipedia by and has its origins as a reversion script based on ideas found in's script collection.
This is a link page for towns and cities in England.
The VC was begun on 29 January 1856 by Queen Victoria for acts of bravery during the Crimean War.
Yass was one of the sites suggested for the Australian Federal Capital after 1901.
In 1986, Sundquist, who by that point had a wife and a child, decided to leave the band and spend time with his family.
Xena: Warrior Princess has been referred to as a pop cultural phenomenon and feminist icon.
A digital signature or digital signature scheme is a type of asymmetric cryptography.
Thymus serpyllum is an important nectar source plant for honeybees.
A small collection, Poems on Slavery, was published in 1842 as Longfellow's first public support of abolitionism.
Dildo has its own television station, Channel Six.
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Song has been awarded since 1992.
Born Gareth David Lloyd in Bettws, Newport.
It's population is 40,000.
The capital city of Saint Lucia is Castries, where about one third of the population lives.
Studios realized that DVDP movies can be shot on a smaller budget, thus allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals, in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad.
Richard Wrangham of Harvard University argues that cooking of plant foods may have triggered brain expansion, because it made complex carbohydrates in starchy foods easier to digest.
This made humans absorb more calories.
After Germany's Next Topmodel Meier was in many magazines around the world such as Vogue, Madame Figaro and 'Officiel and worked for many brands such as Pantene.
The Pir of Dewal had also died fighting in Dewal against the Sikh army chief Hari Singh Nalwa, Nalwa then built a fort on between Punjab and NWFP in 1815, now called Aarhi or Hadd.
The Doctor did not want to stay on Gallifrey any longer, so he "borrowed" an old Type 40 TARDIS. In the TARDIS he and his granddaughter Susan Foreman left their home planet Gallifrey.
The Hunchakian party has established affiliate organizations such as the AEBU which is an organization that helps with educational, health and social care, the Armenian Dkhrouhi Youth Association and HMM which is a sporting organization.
The main exhibits were moved into the Shōwa period section of the Edo-Tokyo Museum, until reconstruction was complete.
His career in cinema started in 1914, when a friend offered him a part in a movie.
An early form of this was the white negro in the jazz and swing music scenes of the 1920s and 1930s; as seen in the 1957 Norman Mailer essay, "The White Negro: Superficial Reflections on the Hipster"."
The series of fifty-two seven-minute programs focused on aquatic life and was intended to generate public interest in fish biology and in the work of the bureau - a task the several writers before Carson had not managed.
He also played in the 1945 Negro League All-Star Game.
Fontenais is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
We now know of about ,000 of these nebulae in our galaxy, compared to 200 billion stars.
Rudd is known for playing at music festivals and concerts in Australia and in North America.
Some approaches, such as that adopted by the Sonork enterprise IM software or the Jabber/XMPP network or Winpopup LAN Messenger, allow organizations to create their own private instant messaging network by enabling them to limit access to the server and administer user permissions.
Ali Pasha of Tepelena or of Yannina, the "Lion of Yannina", was an Albanian ruler of the western part of Rumelia, the Ottoman Empire's European territory which was also called Pashalik of Janina.
But Ratchet and Clank kill Drek after a long fight, and use the Deplanetizer to destroy Drek's new planet.
Gwadar sub-division comprises two tehsils, named Gwadar and Jiwani, and one sub-tehsil named Suntsar.
Boeing is the prime contractor for the OTV program.
The blood orange is a variety of orange with crimson interior flesh and an outer surface that is colored orange-red.
Depending on the level of classification there are different rules controlling the level of clearance needed to view such information, and how it must be stored, transmitted, and destroyed.
Coţofenii din Dos is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.
Kris King is an retired ice hockey left winger that played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Washington Capitals, New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Phoenix Coyotes and the Winnepeg Jets.
He continued to study with many masters of all schools of Tibetan Buddhism, especially His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche and His Holiness Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche.
The University grew out of a group of scholars in the city of Cambridge.
Early records suggest that this happened in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with local townsfolk there.
Fontaine - Étoupefour is a commune.
It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
The median age of the population is 29 years.
A Currently topped out; expected completion in 2009.
Teuschnitz is a town in the district of Kronach, in Bavaria, Germany.
She heard of a song called "Strange Fruit".
It was based on a poem about lynching written by Abel Meeropol, a Jewish schoolteacher from the Bronx.
Eddie Cantor was an American comedian, singer, actor, songwriter.
The name was created by merging the name for the two orders, Cetacea and Artiodactyla, into a single word.
Population of the metropolitan area was 79,034 estimates.
Based on population it is the eighth-largest metropolitan area of Spain.
The Treaty of Paris was a treaty signed on April 12, 1229.
It was signed between Raymond VII of Toulouse and Louis IX of France.
It is not possible to include a pipe in the contents as this symbol is used to separate parameters.
In the first half of 2007, Hamas gained political control of the Gaza Strip, while Fatah keeps its headquarters in the West Bank.
On 5 August 1993, two trains collided at Clementi station because of an oil spillage on the track, which resulted in 132 injuries.
People who have hallucinations are not necessarily ill, lack of sleep can also cause hallucinations.
The first Pizza Hut location was at a intersection in Wichita.
He approaches the fissure and looks into it and see spirits coming out from deep within the Earth.
Unlike the original Kindle, Kindle 2 does not have a slot for memory cards.
The Asiatic Cheetah is a subspecies of the cheetah.
The Asiatic Cheetah is also known in Iran as the Iranian Cheetah and in India as the Indian Cheetah.
José Carlos da Costa Araújo is a former Brazilian football player.
Annie Hannaway was a member of Cumann na mBan, the women's branch of the IRA.
Alternative metal is a type of heavy metal in the alternative music genre.
Alternative metal became popular during the 1990's.
In his Logical Investigations, Husserl mentions Frege only twice, once in a footnote to point out that he had retracted three pages of his criticism of Frege's The Foundations of Arithmetic, and again to question Frege's use of the word Bedeutung to designate "reference" rather than "meaning".
The next day, approximately 600 tourists evacuated the islands of Vieques and Culebra.
Villeurbanne is a city in France.
When it was destroyed by a hurricane, the community fell on hard times.
In meteorology and climatology, global numerical models of atmospheric flow are of increasing interest which use grids that are based on an icosahedron instead of the more commonly used longitude/latitude grid.
No great events happened here, and not many famous persons lived in Hartley.
Livonir Ruschel is a Brazilian football player.
Boards are usually supplied in random widths and lengths of a specified thickness, and sold by the board-foot.
They are produced on an industrial scale.
Later they are treated in different ways to preserve them.
The same year Vacheron Constantin produced the most complicated wristwatch - Tour de I 'lle.
Nearby, there is a little used ford across the Fowey estuary.
Boortmeerbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
After God speaks to Job and his three friends.
Other interoperability profiles exist in the DECT suite of standards, and in particular the DPRS bring together a number of prior interoperability profiles for the use of DECT as a wireless LAN and wireless internet access service.
Peru is the country south of Ecuador.
Colombia is the country north of Ecuador.
An Inaugural Brawl took place at the WWF Invasion pay-per-view, where Stone Cold Steve Austin defected and joined the Alliance.
Books have been released as tie-ins, including Xena Warrior Princess: Complete Illustrated Companion.
The facility will probably cost $ 210 million, and will have 800 beds.
This is the reason why the Kalash religion still exists and this is the only way to make it exist also in the future. The Kalash are also known for their human features.
His best known book was called Les Propheties and first appeared in 1555.
Some aqueducts also hold boats and ships.
The Three Forms of Unity is the name that is given to the Belgic Confession, the Canons of Dort, and the Heidelberg Catechism. These three works, that are about the doctrinal concerns of Continental Calvinism, are considered official statements of Church doctrine by many of the Reformed churches.
Forging the Sword is a fantasy book that was written by Hilari Bell.
The three principal colonial powers were Spain, England, and France, although eventually even small powers like the Netherlands and Sweden received minor holdings on the continent.
Christopher John "Chris" Dodd is a lawyer and a Democratic politician currently serving as the senior Democratic senator from Connecticut.
Its largest city is Joinville.
Nott often conducts the Ensemble InterContemporain.
The current Secretary is Mary Peters.
Spam is a canned meat food made by the Hormel Foods Corporation.
It is made from pork shoulder meat and ham.
No damage or deaths were reported as a result of Helene.
According to the 2000 census, there are 160 people living in Newhalen.
The Curie Institute or Institut Curie is one of the leading medical research centres in the world.
Shigenori Hagimura is a former Japanese football player.
This page contains a list of editors who use.
Prévessin - Moëns is a commune.
It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Mysterious pinwheels and telephones rise out of the meadow to show the days' activities.
It is the official language of the Armenia as well as in the region of Nagorno-Karabakh.
When Cao Cao tried to crush Liu Bei's folk in 207, Zhang Fei drew the whole enemy forces back by yelling really loud.
Robson has been in some advertisements, including Carlsberg's "Best Pub Side" television advertisement.
There are more than 227 000 people in Espoo.
Close cities are Kauniainen, Vantaa, Kirkkonummi, Nurmijärvi, Vihti and the capital Helsinki.
She regularly performed with conductors such as Barbirolli, Sir Adrian Boult, Sir Malcolm Sargent, Daniel Barenboim, Zubin Mehta, and Leonard Bernstein.
The first tour was held in countries such as the United States, Canada, Japan and Australia. In the second tour, they returned to the US and had more concerts there.
In the Russian Orthodox Christianity, a passion bearer is someone who faces their death in a Christian or Christ-like way.
After retiring, Rollins coached the University of Calgary ice hockey team as well as clubs in Spokane, Salt Lake City, Houston, Tulsa and Phoenix.
Polity is closely related to Ecclesiology, the study of doctrine and theology relating to church organization.
It is located on the southern shore of Lake Ontario, and between the cities of Buffalo and Syracuse.
She recently won first place in her very first horse show and got national attention for winning first place in her school Spelling Bee, despite being deaf.
Roux's investigations were performed mainly on frogs' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development.
For last one hundred years or so, Tamil people went to many other parts of India for jobs or business.
The measure of this is called mental health.
According to the World Health Organization, there is not one way to measure mental health in all people, because there are many things in our surroundings that might make what is mentally healther different from one person to another.
Rachel Renee Smith is a beauty queen from Clarksville, Tennessee who won the Miss USA contest in 2007 and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA contest.
She also represented the USA in the Miss Universe pageant 2007.
Lucas married Ivy Nancekivell in 1926 and took over the family farm.
Ruth Landes was an American cultural anthropologist best known for studies on Brazilian candomblé cults and her published study on the topic, City of Women.
Gumby Bumpers in 2 minutes is released in January 4, 1980 starring Gumby, Pokey and cameo appearance of Blue Mermaid Goo.
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune.
It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Mohs scale of mineral hardness is named after the scientist, Friedrich Mohs, who invented a scale of hardness based on the ability of one mineral to scratch another.
Novaggio is a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
Again, using reliably allows up to 50 spaces at a time.
They disagree, however, on the interpretation of the historical evidence from this era regarding the prerogatives of the bishop of Rome as protos, a matter that was already understood in different ways in the first millennium."
For a summary page on how to use these templates, see: Otheruses templates.
The word ceramic can be an adjective, and can also be used as a noun to refer to a ceramic material, or a product of ceramic manufacture.
Finland rejected the Soviets, so it was attacked in November 1939.
In the Baroque period a serenade was a type of cantata performed outdoors, in the evening, with singers and instrumentas.
Juvincourt-et-Damary is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Her thesis research focused on rural political behavior and representation.
When the shoe slides on the bottom it is not affected by the build-up of snow or leaves.
During a showing of Serrano's works at the National Gallery of Victoria in 1997, then Archbishop George Pelli tried to get the Supreme Court of Victoria to stop the gallery from showing the work.
By default time periods are sorted according to their end date.
The Iraqi dinar is the currency of Iraq. 1 Dinar = 1000 fils.
Manchester City Football Club is an English football club.
Dick LaPalm, Lew Irwin, Harry Shearer, Mike Masterson, and Richard Perry interviewed famous musicians.
Any cipher that can prevent chosen-plaintext attacks is then also guaranteed to be secure against known-plaintext and ciphertext-only attacks; this is a conservative approach to security.
It crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms.
He scored no championship points.
In 1842, a monument was erected to remember the sailors and fishermen lost at sea to the "October Gale" of 1841.
Professor Fert graduated in 1962 from the École Normale Supérieure in Paris.
Brian Steen Nielsen is a Danish football player.
He has played for Denmark national team.
Wesermünde received another name and was called Bremerhaven from 1947, and the station received the new name too and was now called Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof.
The Onager is a large mammal belonging to the Equidae family.
It is native to the deserts of Syria, Iran, Pakistan, Kashmir, Israel and Palestine, and western China.
Young went by the name "Dent Young" in his early years.
According to most description, the flag of the State of Deseret was almost the same to the flag of the State of Utah, but as it was not standardized, many other secular and religious alternatives were also used.
The current version was released in June 2007.
On July 2, 2005, the tip of the whaleback broke off, and a rockfall sent ash several hundred meters into the air.
He revolted against Alexander the Great and fought a war for Darius the Great of Persia.
These characteristics were operationally recognized for three hours before high shear began to tear the system apart, just short of the six hours required to be officially declared a tropical depression.
This Finnish use of the hand - or sling-thrown explosive against Soviet tanks was repeated in the subsequent Continuation War.
Today, Shanghai is one of China's most important cites.
They are able to move about in hives unhurt because they mimic the scent of the bees.
Rafael Martín Vázquez is a former Spanish football player.
France today produces around 78.1 % of its electricity through nuclear power.
Not all manors had all three kinds of land: as an average, demesne accounted for roughly a third of the arable area and villein holdings rather more; but some manors consisted solely of demesne, others solely of peasant holdings.
Li Bai is best known for the extravagant imagination and striking Taoist images in his poetry, and for his great love for.
Moths, on the other hand, often have comb-like or feathery antennae, or filamentous and unclubbed.
This client, who is actually Jack the Ripper, murders Lulu, and then on his way out kills the Countess as well, who swears her love to Lulu as the curtain comes down.
The 1944 Appalachians tornado outbreak was a strong tornado outbreak. It hit the Midwest and Middle Atlantic United States on June 22-23, 1944.
In the movie, the character portrayed by Natalie Portman says, "lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off... but it's better if you do".
This means, Ryūjin is believed to be one of the ancestors of the Japanese imperial dynasty.
The ounce is a unit of mass in a number of different systems, including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States customary systems.
Vonnas is a commune.
A convoy of 350 farm tractors and 5,000 protesters took part in an anti-nuclear rally in Berlin on September 5, 2009.
He won prizes from the Royal Institute of British Architects and the Architectural Association.
Not all tachi were the standard size.
The legs and wings of the beetle are attached to the thorax.
For many years Carthy has enjoyed a creating music with fiddle player Dave Swarbrick. He has also worked with his partner Norma Waterson and their daughter Eliza Carthy in a group called.
A hurricane moved from north of Puerto Rico on September 29 to well northeast of Bermuda on October 1.
The Edinburgh Trams project is a scheme to build a new tramway in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Hiroki Iikura is a Japanese football player.
He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos.
A Night at the Opera is a Queen album from 1975.
On November 23 1955, the islands were transferred to Australian control under the Cocos Islands Act 1955.
It was the home of president William McKinley, The Pro Football Hall of Fame is in Canton.
Eventually, Alvin is forced into helping Arthur to escape from some slave-hunters, which requires him to change Arthur's DNA to prevent the hunters' knacks from finging him.
Space Invaders is a video game made by the Taito Corporation.
Space Invaders is one of the most famous early video games.
He was thought to be chivalrous and humane, when other German leaders were not.
His famous Afrikakorps was not accused of any war crimes.
With links 1993-94 etc.
The Riemann hypothesis is a conjecture about the distribution of the zeros of the Riemann zeta function.
Many mathematicians consider the Riemann hypothesis to be the most important unsolved problem in pure mathematics.
Unforgiven was the eleventh Unforgiven professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment.
It took place on September 7, 2008 at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio and used talent from the Raw, SmackDown !
The Volturi leave the Cullens in peace.
It is referred as Tatar nationalist party.
Scottsdale has four branches within the Scottsdale Public Library System.
A fifth is currently being built.
January temperatures range from highs near 32 F on the southern coast to overnight lows below 0 F in the far north.
They had the door to the cab at the rear, with a railed veranda behind the cab.
This feature was very unusual on British Rail locomotives.
The Portland Trail Blazers are a team in the National Basketball Association from Portland, Oregon.
On 9 November, 1799 Bonaparte took power.
This event is called 18 Brumaire.
Most electrogenic fish are also electroreceptive.
The latter is also known as Shangrila Lake and is inside a tourist resort called Shangrila Resort.
Zhob Division was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.
FreeBSD is an operating system for many different kinds of computers.
This means that if you have a computer around the house and want to run FreeBSD on it, you probably can.
He also helped start the cognitive revolution in psychology through his review of B. F. Skinner's Verbal Behavior.
He challenged the behaviorist way of looking at behavior and language.
They are a sea-faring people, and engaged in trade with peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The word was first used for the limbs of fish, but it is now also used when describing other animal limbs and man-made devices.
Hurricane Kyle started as a Subtropical Depression on September 20.
It became a subtropical storm, then a tropical storm, and after that, a hurricane.
DJ BoBo is also famous for his entry in the Eurovision Song Contest of 2007.
The United States Census Bureau says the city has a total area of 2.9 square miles. All of it is land.
In the end, Ninny goes to live with Evelyn and her husband.
There is a hint that Ninny and Idgie might be the same person.
On October 16, 1990, the UN General Assembly gave the ICRC observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings, the first observer status given to a private organization.
Hampden Park hosted the 1960 European Cup final between Real Madrid and Eintracht Frankfurt, where over 13,000 people watched Real Madrid win 7-3.
In 2002, Amadou Toumani Touré won the election and he started his second term as head of state. He was a retired general and he had been the military leader of the 1991 coup.
Burke and Wills also went through the area in 1861 on the journey north towards the Gulf of Carpentaria.
In regular hotel, with a finite number of rooms, even if it is very big, it is obvious that if there is a guest in every room, we ca 't find a room for another guest without making two guests live in the same room.
After Filippo Maria Visconti of Milan died in 1477, Carrara was controlled by Tommaso Campogregoso, lord of Sarzana, and the Malaspina family.
After Franco's death in 1975, King Juan Carlos restored democratic government.
Current championship competition offered by the SWAC includes competition for men in baseball, basketball, cross country, football, golf, indoor track, outdoor track & field and tennis.
Batista re-tore his triceps while training.
Today, Volksschule is the Austrian equivalent to the German word Grundschule and the Swiss German word Primarschule, i.e. primary school.
This site also shows some of the earliest evidence of carnivory in H. erectus.
A copt is an original Egyptian Christian.
He wrote a very large amount of music, including works for orchestra, chamber, instrumental and vocal works.
Sergei Aleinikov is a former Belarusian football player.
He was released in the 1950s, and he later fled to Pakistan.
They then named their band Mighty Joe Young and recorded a demo tape that was completed around 1990.
It's usually called as the world's southernmost city.
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
It is only found in western South Africa.
It can usually be found in rocky habitats, as well as in trees and outbuildings.
He is one of the few men to win at least three world championships in the history of Formula One the others being Jack Brabham, Jackie Stewart, Niki Lauda, Ayrton Senna, Alain Prost, Juan Manuel Fangio, and Michael Schumacher.
Dodgson told these tales to three little girls, and one day, Alice asked Dodgson to write the 'Alice' tales down as a storybook.
The Johns Hopkins University is a private research university in Baltimore, Maryland in the United States.
In the case of a two dimensional collision, the rules in elastic and inelastic collision are still the same, but vectors are used to find the momentum before or after a collision.
On 17 October 2006, Robson was given the all-clear.
He was set to complete his contract as consultant to the Irish team.
Volkswagen itself created a concept car in 2000 called "Dune" and was meant to remind people of the Baja Bug.
She later used the setting in many of her novels.
This is a way of shooting in which a player releases his gripping hand briefly and re-grasps the cue farther back on the butt just before hitting the cue ball.
The Ku Klux Klan is a hate group, which was started in the southern United States in 3rd March 1865.
The first Ku Klux Klan disband and does not exist anymore.
David Paul Boreanaz is an American actor.
He is best known for his role on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel.
More honor was given to Cranach when he went to the Netherlands in 1509, and painted the Emperor Maximilian I and the boy who became Charles V later in his life.
Until 1508 Cranach signed his works with the initials of his name.
Islamabad is the Federal capital city of Pakistan, and is located in the Pothohar Plateau in the northwest of the country.
Oll, who was married, fell into severe depressions after he divorced.
Panama is a country in Central America.
Loge is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 2,14,000 km in 1314.364 days, at an inclination of 166.5 to the ecliptic, with an eccentricity of 0.1390.
Since 1906, the Order's chapel has been in St Paul's Cathedral in London.
He is president of the International Society for Ecosystem Health.
All of these familiar heat engines are powered by the expansion of heated gases.
Of its ,000 professional employees, roughly 800 work in its Geneva headquarters and ,200 expatriates work in the field.
Berlin's 2001 administrative reform led to the former boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf fusing into a single new borough.
This contact Wittgenstein intellectually and revived his interest in philosophy.
Soundtracks containing Charlotte Perrelli songs.
Commerzbank Tower is a skyscraper in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen, Germany.
In case you did 't know, when you post messages on talkpages and Wikipedia pages, you should sign your posts by typing four tildes at the end of your message.
It is part of an island in Western Europe called Ireland that it shares with the Republic of Ireland after the island split in 1921.
In Natural Capitalism, 1999, Paul Hawken, Amory Lovins and Hunter Lovins advanced an argument to assign the value of Earth in current currency.
Väinämöinen was also a god.
The surviving passengers came across some Buddhist monks from a nearby temple and sought their help.
These gods became known as Osiris-Dionysus.
The site used the.
Hamas is a Palestinian Islamist Sunni organization.
It was started in 1987 during the First Intifada by Ahmed Yassin and Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi as the Gaza branch of the Muslim Brotherhood organziation in Egypt.
In 1872, after the death of his first wife in 1870, he got married to Susannah Grace Sanger. In 1875, at the age of 70, he began a 17 year period of missionary travel.
A mistress has no legal relationship to the man, that makes the difference to the status of a concubine.
Armageddon was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment, which took place on December 14, 2008 at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo, New York.
Nobuo Kawakami is a former Japanese football player.
Rachel Carson was born on May 27, 1907 on a small family farm near Springdale, Pennsylvania, just up the Allegheny River from Pittsburgh.
Due to an incident involving a CD vendor who made an unofficial and broken release labeled 1.0, an official 1.0 release was never made.
Chavignon is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Very frequent and compulsive masturbation may be seen as a sign of sexual addiction.
Bad Friedrichshall is at the confluence of the Neckar and the Kocher, 10 k north of Heilbronn.
This deal settled once for all the protocol for interconnectivity in the market as SIP/SIMPLE and established a connectivity fee for accessing public instant messaging clouds.
Some of his most famous albums are Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section, The Aladdin Recordings, Art Pepper + Eleven - Modern Jazz Classics, Gettin' Together, and Smack Up.
He graduated in 1856 as an outstanding student who enjoyed all subjects except chemistry.
Summarizing or rephrasing source material without changing its meaning is not synthesis it is good editing.
The words of the anthem were created by two men, Uladzimir Karyzny and Maxim Klimkovich.
The music for the anthem was created by Nyestar Sakalowski.
The 40 mm Grenade Launcher is a breech-loading, single shot grenade launcher.
Thanks to Napoleon, he was a general by the age of 25, although he himself felt that he had risen too far in too short a time.
It now has many notable structures.
For example, the royal palaces, the Anglican and Roman Catholic cathedrals, several stone and brick churches, colleges, schools, hospitals, courts of justice and other government buildings.
He also composed or published some of his best work during his period in Guernsey, including Les Misérables, and three widely praised collections of poetry.
One Chase Manhattan Plaza is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
Upon his return to France, he was involved in Napoleon's plot to overthrow the Directory.
A link, also called a Gunter's link, is a unit of length in the imperial and US systems.
The word, Gol in local language means' the valley'.
Based on paragraph 6.06 in the UEFA regulations for the current season, if two or more teams were equal on points on completion of all the group matches, the following criteria were used to determine the rankings:
The city of Hafizabad is the capital.
Hurricane Lenny was a very strong November hurricane.
Aiden McGeady is an Irish football player.
He plays for Celtic and Republic of Ireland national team.
This event helps to raise money for sporting equipment, computers, books and trips for students at the Nundle Public School.
The precursors of chess originated in northern India during the Gupta empire, where its early form in the 6th century was known as Chaturanga. This translates as 'the four divisions', meaning infantry, cavalry, elephantry, and chariotry, represented by the pieces that would evolve into the modern pawn, knight, bishop, and rook, respectively.
However, these distributions are less tested than stable, and unstable does not receive timely security updates.
Those rains caused a flood on the San Jeronimo River, which left at least 5000 homeless.
Apples need to be pollinated from one tree to another by insects; all are unable to pollinate themselves, and self-pollination is impossible, making pollinating insects required.
It rises from springs in the peaks of the Nasu Mountains.
It collects water from tributaries leaving the Ōu Mountains and the Abukuma Highlands.
This is a list of Oklahoma's state symbols, including official and unofficial.
Barenboim has given performances in the West Bank to show that he has sympathy with the Palestinians.
Because of Brainin's Jewish origin, he was driven out of Vienna after Hitler's Anschluss of 1938, as were the violinist Siegmund Nissel and violist Peter Schidlof.
Michael Sean Coulthard better known by his stage name Michael Cole, is an American former news journalist and the current play-by-play announcer for World Wrestling Entertainment's Raw.
They help people to change the energy of negative emotions, called poisons, into enlightened awareness.
Edward Kennedy "Duke" Ellington was an American composer, pianist, and Big band leader.
Original images created by a Wikipedia editor are not, as a class, considered original research - as long as they do not illustrate or introduce unpublished ideas or arguments, the core reason behind the NOR policy.
All testing was conducted inside a virtualized environment created by VMware.
Pottery that has been found near some of these stones allows to connect some of them in Europe to the Beaker culture.
Sometimes it is called pitta or pide, pitka and pronounced "pitta" in Greek.
Pita is an often round, brown, wheat flatbread made with yeast.
It has a bronze-green back, a light gray chest and belly, and green flanks.
This type of proxy servers are called caching servers.
The Himalayan Brown Bear is a subspecies of the Brown Bear.
An adjudicator is someone who decides on a winner at a competition for music or theater.
The adjudicator will always be somebody who has a lot of experience in what he is adjudicating.
A faggot is a kind of meatball, a traditional dish in the UK, especially the southwest of England, Wales, and the Black Country.
Sir Richard Arkwright was an Englishman who invented the spinning frame - later renamed the water frame following the transition to water power.
The modern name "France" comes from the name of the Capetian Kings of France around Paris.
If a stem successfully produces mature flowers, leaf production slows or stops on any stem which flowers, the stem becomes woody, and essential oil production declines.
After Judgment Day Cena and JBL's feud ended.
Some WikiFairies make new articles or change the content of the articles they edit.
He finished the year with 99 runs scored, a.328 batting average, and 12 stolen bases.
Despite acclaim for the veracity of the series, Sorkin believed, "our responsibility is to captivate you for however long we've asked for your attention."
In 2006, Fear Factor was being shown at the same time as TV ratings champion, the Fox talent series American Idol on Tuesday nights. It did not get good ratings during this time.
It was called Königliches Opernhaus, and it opened with a performance of Meyerbeer's Ein Feldlager in Schlesien.
Saint - Étienne - de-Lisse is a commune.
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Percy reaches New York City to give the master bolt to Zeus at the top of Empire State Building where Olympus is now present.
In a developing embryo, stem cells can differentiate into all of the specialised embryonic tissues.
The EZ-Link card was introduced on 13 April 2002 as a replacement to the original TransitLink farecard while its competitor the NETS FlashPay card entered the smart card market on 9 October 2009.
The adult EZ-link card is at S$ 15 while the NETS FlashPay card is at S$ 13.
Flée is a commune.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.
Norgay and Sir Edmund Hillary were the first people to reach the top of Mount Everest on May 29, 1953.
Souvigné - sur-M ême is a commune.
The previous controller was Helen Boaden, who is now the head of BBC News.
Leizu was a legendary Chinese queen.
In British history, the Protectorate was the period 1653-59 during which the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland was governed by a Lord Protector.
The following table displays side by side the earlier and later forms of this Creed in the English translation given in Schaff's Creeds of Christendom, which indicates by brackets the portions of the 325 text that were omitted or moved in 381, but uses no typographical mark to indicate what phrases, absent in the 325 text, were added in 381.
In some Middle Eastern countries, coffee and cardamom are often ground in a wooden mortar and cooked together in a mihbaz, an oven using wood or gas, to produce mixtures that are as much as forty percent cardamom.
Chaucer was an important person in the royal court.
For example, organisms living inside hot rocks deep under Earth's surface are both thermophilic and barophilic.
This report represents the first description of the production of potassium permanganate.
It has been held in two U.S. states and once in Puerto Rico, where every event has been held in an indoor arena.
Parnell became governor on July 26, 2009 after Governor Sarah Palin resigned.
In 1860 he published Chess Praxis, a supplement to his 1847 work The Chess Player's Handbook.
Carrefour means cross-road in French.
Tessenderlo 43.
This was followed by the hugely successful Three Tenors concert held on the eve of the World Cup final at the ancient Baths of Caracalla in Rome with fellow tenors Plácido Domingo and José Carreras and conductor Zubin Mehta, which became the biggest selling classical record of all time.
The FSF was started in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, United States of America.
Aristotle wrote that some people thought that Aeschylus had shown some of the cult's secrets on stage.
Triple H insisted that Evolution accompanied Batista anyway, saving him from the oncoming limousine.
The genre is said to have started in 1764 with Horace Walpole's book The Castle of Otranto.
In 1875 Cafiero went to Milan and joined the editorial staff of the first socialist daily paper, La Plebe, directed by Enrico Bignami.
Duff was born in Houston, Texas.
In the 19th Century, many Cornish people moved abroad to find jobs in mining.
Today, descendents of Cornish people can be found all over the world, including Australia, Canada, America, Mexico and South Africa.
Sainte-C écile - les-Vignes is a commune.
It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte 'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.
Mindanao is one of the three main island groups in the Philippines.
Diabetes mellitus is a disease where people do not have enough insulin in their blood or their body has a problem using the insulin they do have.
The next night, on the January 26 edition of Raw, Michaels and Triple H had a in-ring promo when Raw's Sheriff, Stone Cold Steve Austin then came into the ring.
She is the first born daughter of Bebe Buell, a model, singer, and was the Playboy Playmate of the month Miss November 1974, and Steven Tyler, the lead singer of Aerosmith.
Ipswich railway station is a railway station serving the town of Ipswich in Suffolk, England.
As of October 2009, the largest photovoltaic power plants in the world are the Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park, the Strasskirchen Solar Park, the Lieberose Photovoltaic Park, the Puertollano Photovoltaic Park, the Moura photovoltaic power station, and the Waldpolenz Solar Park.
Santana do Paraíso is a Brazilian city in the Vale do Aço metropolitan area, state of Minas Gerais.
Anne was sent with her older sister Elizabeth to Güstrow, in Germany.
She was to be raised there by her grandparents on her mother's side.
The government approved construction of the in 1977, then known as Tsuen Wan Extension, and works commenced in November 1978.
Cristobal stayed mostly away from land while it was a tropical cyclone.
The group re-recorded "La Tracalera", a cover version of a song by the original Dinos, as well as "Aunque No Salga El Sol," which they had originally recorded, in 1984.
WWE No Mercy was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Friday prayer can be led by a slave.
This Template relates to List of companies in Sheffield and defunct companies formerly based in Sheffield.
Another name for this color is mallow.
Brawn GP Formula One Team, was a Formula One motor racing team.
Her commercial for a new touchscreen haptic phone from Samsung Electronics, dubbed as Yuna's Haptic, was done in South Korea on May 24, 2009.
One popular theory is that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time, causing objects in the asteroid belt and/or Kuiper belt to be forced into orbits which reached the terrestrial planets.
The symphony came from the overture, and "D major was by far the most common key for overtures in the second half of the eighteenth century."
Osip wrote a poem about the Russian leader, called Stalin Epigram.
It angered the Russian government, and in 1934 he was arrested, and ordered to live in Cherdyn, Perm region and later to Voronezh.
The event must have a demonstrated, international significance.
Madison won over Jefferson, who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that: "From this position I retreat readily, not only in deference to judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations, so these, when they occur, will be cause enough of themselves."
Comparisons between denominational churches must be approached with caution.
Alt St. Johann is a municipality of the Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.
Often, accidents are investigated so that we can learn how to avoid them in the future.
In the end, Orton hit the RKO on Triple H over an announce table, and Triple H could not answer the ten-count.
Orton won the WWE Championship for the second time of the night, and Triple H's eleventh world title reign lasted a little over two hours.
Each convex regular 4-polytope is bounded by a set of 3-dimensional cells which are all Platonic solids of the same type and size.
Truro is the capital of Cornwall in Great Britain.
It is the only city in Cornwall, and it is the most southerly city in the British Isles.
In philately, a block is a group of postage stamps attached to each other.
One Sunday afternoon, he worked his way into a group of Lithuanian immigrants getting together for a wedding party, "Behold, there was the opening scene of my story, a gift from the gods".
Stoiber is a great football fan and he supports the FC Bayern Munich.
Since evaporation occurs when heat is absorbed, and condensation occurs when heat is released, air conditioners are designed to use a compressor to cause pressure changes between two compartments, and actively pump a refrigerant around.
They were HMS Phoebe, HMS Dido, HMS Hermione and HMS Jupiter.
Brock will not reveal his source and goes to jail for failing to do so, as did Miller.
It measures 5.10 km in diameter.
Fresnay-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.
Streicher, however, remained on good terms with German dictator Adolf Hitler until the latter committed suicide on April 30, 1945.
On May 23, two weeks after Germany's surrender, Streicher was captured by the Americans.
Chandpur has 6 municipalities, 60 wards, 195 mahallas, 7 upazilas, 1 thana, 87 union parishads and 1226 villages.
She next posed for Bert Stern for Vogue in a series of photographs that included several nudes.
Neuheim is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Vera Menchik was a British-Czech chess player.
Menchik was the first women's world chess champion.
In 1855, he became the mayor of St. Paul, Minnesota.
Croatia national football team is the national football team of Croatia.
After she leaves, Dorabella says to Fiordiligi that she does actually fancy the Albanian, and the two girls agree that a little flirtation will do no harm and will help them pass the time while they wait for their lovers to return.
Hossa signed a 12-year contract with the Chicago Blackhawks that's worth 62.8 million dollars.
The main figures of scholasticism were Peter Abelard, Albertus Magnus, Duns Scotus, William of Ockham, Bonaventure and, most importantly, Thomas Aquinas.
Summa Theologica is an ambitious synthesis of Greek philosophy and Christian doctrine.
Cultivated Australian English is close to British English.
The actress had already faced a cancer of the uterus and ovaries and had to undergo a radical hysterectomy.
However, the modern science of genetics, which seeks to understand the process of inheritance, only began with the work of Gregor Mendel in the mid-nineteenth century.
In some churches, excommunication includes spiritual condemnation of the member or group.
Recorded announcements are frequently made to remind passengers to report suspicious activity and not to leave their belongings unattended.
Here, the denotes the Kleene star operator.
Lucario has a furry yellow body, and its hips are in the shape of what looks like blue shorts.
Lynnville is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dirty Harry was followed by four sequels: Magnum Force in 1973, The Enforcer in 1976, Sudden Impact in 1983, and The Dead Pool in 1988.
Beggars Banquet is an album by British band The Rolling Stones.
UEFA judged traveling Partizan fans to have been responsible for the trouble.
Partizan were allowed to play the return leg while the appeal was being processed.
There are three small islands in the lake: Isla Cabritos, Barbarita, and La Islita.
As a specific example, every electron is intrinsically identical to every other; therefore, probability amplitudes must be computed allowing for the possibility that they exchange positions, something known as exchange symmetry.
The original name was Quinbean which means "clear waters".
A triangle is a shape.
The City of Lancaster is a local government district in Lancashire, England.
The first ones were a gale warning and a hurricane watch for the area of Corpus Christi, Texas to Grand Isle, Louisiana which was given out on August 16.
Although Freud's theories have been influential, research suggests pattern of attitudes of parental attitudes has a major effect on how a baby will grow up.
The government of Andalucía, in Spain, donated 40 million lempiras to aid in disaster efforts, and the United States sent helicopters to help in the delivery of food to the people affected by the storm.
It was formed from part of the province of Florence in 1992.
Bothwell is a small town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, that lies on the right bank of the River Clyde, adjacent to Hamilton and nine miles east-south-east of Glasgow.
Bishop Bishop is the main protagonist that the player controls and guides throughout the events of Rainbow Six: Vegas 2.
Villablino is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.
The New York Jets are an American football team.
Pikachu is the best known of all of the Pokémon because it is the unofficial mascot of the series. It is also one of the main stars of the Pokémon cartoon and comic books.
Wilhelm Reich was an Austrian-American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst.
However, there is no consensus about which format is best.
A later satellite pass disregarded the possibility of intensification as the intensity was confirmed to be at 60 mph.
Its original title was Tōkaidō Yotsuya Kaidan.
Ambergate is a village in Derbyshire, England, where the River Amber joins the River Derwent.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is one of the video games for the Grand Theft Auto game series.
The Poughkeepsie Bridge is a bridge over the Hudson River.
It goes from Poughkeepsie, New York on the east side to Highland, New York on the west side.
The Union army then ordered another charge with a large cavalry regiment that reinforced the Union infantry.
The people who read Austen saw themselves as clever readers. 
hey were the cultured few.
West Buechel is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
On August 12, a hurricane prevented a naval battle between the British and French in the Revolutionary War, causing them to separate as the hurricane moved up the coast.
Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt is a German politician and was Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1974 to 1982.
He received a lot of criticism and left the LPO in 1996.
This category is for tracking ice hockey players by league.
He soon became famous for his recitals and radio broadcasts in which he played music using historical performance styles.
It started as Tropical Depression Five near Cape Verde on August 19.
2019 will be a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.
Jonas Eduardo Américo is a former Brazilian football player.
The singer, Jason Dunn is running while other members of the band wait patiently for him to reach them.
Gimnasia also obtained second place in 2005 under Pedro Troglio's management, after an excellent campaign that had them fighting neck to neck with Boca Juniors until the very end of the championship.
Newton's method often converges very quickly, especially if the "guess value" begins sufficiently near the desired root.
The cleaning system was developed in Australia at a cost of A$ 8 million.
Such modifications can be created and submitted to the Foundation for addition to Mediawiki.
However, powdered saffron is more prone to adulteration, with turmeric, paprika, and other powders used as diluting fillers.
Eddie Gaedel was under strict orders not to attempt to move the bat off his shoulder.
Antoing is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Ulyanovsk, formerly Simbirsk, is a city on the Volga River in Russia.
Such events may be better placed on a subpage.
In Eastern Christian traditions, as well as some Western traditions, it is seen as a state of separation from God, a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the "Mediator" and "Great Physician".
Tajwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Saint-L éger is a commune of 231 people.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
Percy, Annabeth, and Tyson are captured by Luke.
Hindenburg hated the idea of Hitler as Chancellor, but under pressure from Meißner, von Papen and Oskar Hindenburg the President decided to appoint Hitler Chancellor.
These birds build nests on water because they do 't walk well on land, so they find a shallw part of the water to build their nests. Then, they do not walk to their nests - they swim to it.
Most spiders have four pairs of eyes on the top-front area of the body, arranged in patterns that vary from one family to another.
Richard G. Hovannisian is an American historian.
The loans cost only the amount of the loan and the repayment take a long time, for example, a beggar taking a small loan of around 100 taka can pay only 2.00 taka per week and only repays 100 taka.
Pontedera is in the Arno valley at the confluence of the Era River and the Arno River.
The original length 20 minute episodes are very rarely broadcast.
Aguilera had more control over her second album Stripped, sent to stores in 2002. It had mixed reviews and earned Aguilera a Grammy Award.
The Philippine Sea is the body of water east of the Philippines and Taiwan.
Karak is a city in Pakistan.
It is located in the North-West Frontier Province and is the capital of Karak District.
Gorj is a county of Romania, in Oltenia.
The capital is Târgu Jiu.
When Gabrielle first meets the Warrior Princess, Xena, she is a farm girl living in the village of Potidaea.
There are cafeterias as at most universities and the largest refectory can compete with some restaurants even as far as menu size.
Fantasy Cave was reopened in the summer of 2001 with all the walking paths having been rebuilt and additional lighting added.
Christopher Todd Mordetzky is a American professinal wrestler currently working for WWE, wrestling under the ring name Chris Masters.
Pangolins are mammals which live in Africa and Asia.
They have scales on their skin.
Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice the Islam that was taught and practiced by Muhammad and his followers.
Ixion is a plutino and could be a dwarf planet.
Astronomers think that it has a diameter of about 800 km, which makes it the third biggest plutino.
One can also calculate the internal energy of electromagnetic or blackbody radiation.
He was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra from 1979 to 1987.
Many trucks and buses in Pakistan are highly customised and decorated by their owners, to the point of becoming moving art.
Le Dernier jour 'un condamné would have a profound influence on later writers such as Albert Camus, Charles Dickens, and Fyodor Dostoevsky.
On the hand with which he carries his stick, often called the "stick hand," the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm, usually extending just beyond the wrist.
Frances was later destroyed by an extratropical low on November 21.
The New England Patriots are an American football team in the National Football League.
Lake Park is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States.
Barzun, Pyrénées - Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.
Making reliable cost estimates is difficult, and estimates for new reactors in the USA range from $ 5 billion to $ 10 billion per unit.
During that time, the hurricane began to gain strength at about 1 mbar an hour, peaking at 963 mbar with winds of 115 mph on the morning of the 18th.
Shadwell DLR station on the Docklands Light Railway is between the termini of Bank and Tower Gateway to the west and Limehouse to the east.
The 1956 Formula One season was the 7th of the championship.
Offences against property and for murder ranged from cutting of a foot and hand for theft and beheading for murder.
Kamenná is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
It is thought that they began to print impressions of their designs to record them.
On November 5, 2008, he was named to the advisory board of the Obama-Biden Transition Project.
Mentha is a genus of about 25 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae.
What is called Western culture expects that Intimate body parts are covered in public places at all times.
The Countess is sad about her husband's infidelity.
Their grounds are within a few hundred yards of each other and are the two closest professional football grounds in the United Kingdom.
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Camilla's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates = with a 10 uncertainty, which gives it an axial tilt of 29.
Usually the tea leaves are in a tea bag when the tea leaves are put into the water. The tea can be poured from the teapot into cups.
The Hockenheimring Baden-W ürttemberg is an automobile racing track located near the town of Hockenheim in Baden-W ürttemberg, Germany.
In an adaptive chosen-ciphertext attack, the attacker makes their ciphertext choices adaptively, that is, depending on the result of prior decryptions.
All of the stories were published in magazines in 1893-4.
The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League.
Gellar and her father did not had a good relationship from this time until his death from liver cancer on October 9, 2001.
When the young tapir is one year old it looks like an adult tapir, and it leaves its mother. Tapirs become mature when they are 4 years old.
Jet aircraft are aircraft with jet engines.
Beetles have compound eyes, which means the two big shiny eyes on the head are actually made out of many smaller parts.
They will still exhibit no electrical properties.
It was found on April 20th, 1904, by Max Wolf in Heidelberg, and initially catalogued as 1904 NY.
The Salzach is a river in Austria and Germany.
The island belongs to the municipality of the district of Wittmund, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
The Whittier Glacier near Whittier was named for the American poet John Greenleaf Whittier in the year 1915.
Most of the state's people are members of "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints", commonly referred to as the Mormons or the LDS Church.
For example, the oases of Awjila, Ghadames and Kufra, situated in modern-day Libya, have at various times been vital to both North-South and East-West trade in the Sahara desert.
The Embassy won the tournament, which meant that all three of its winning members earned world title shots.
Most entertain themselves using Perky Pat dolls and accessories manufactured by Earth-based P.P. Layouts.
The infrared spectrum is similar to P-type asteroids but with a possible indication of water.
An album of remixes of tracks from Silent Alarm was released at the end of August in the UK.
The Taluka of Hyderabad city is administratively subdivided into 11 Union Councils.
After the Revolution, the Bolshevik Party was called the "Russian Communist Party".
One does not talk to the telephone; rather the telephone is a way to interact with another person.
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency serves as the head of the Central Intelligence Agency, which is part of the United States Intelligence Community.
Conakry was first settled on Tombo Island. It later spread to the Kaloum Peninsula.
The use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were gradually introduced; but around 1974 the electronic scientific calculator made the slide rule largely obsolete and most suppliers exited the business.
The Author's Farce was shown with The Tragedy of Tragedies on 31 March 1731.
The books were written by Theodor Geisel.
At the 2000 census, the population was 228.
Its nickname was given when it was first noticed in the months leading up to the Voyager encounter in 1989: it moved faster than the Great Dark Spot.
Freiberg is a city in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, capital of the Freiberg Rural District.
Conduit current collection is a system of electric current collection used by electric trams. The power supply is in a channel under the roadway, rather than in overhead wires.
Henry won the match via pinfall.
After being stripped of the title, Lashley began to pursue the WWE Championship.
The Sailor Senshi are named after different planets in the solar system.
Each of the Sailor Senshi uses magic powers to become a Sailor Senshi.
This meant that after their separation Simone did not know anything about how her business was managed and what she was actually worth.
When referring specifically to the lower Manhattan business district and its immediate environs, the northern border is commonly designated by thoroughfares approximately a mile-and-a-half south of 14th Street and a mile north of the island's southern tip: Chambers Street from near the Hudson east to the Brooklyn Bridge entrances and overpass.
For example, many species of lemur are endemic to the island of Madagascar.
In Western Christian theology, a Bachelor of Divinity is usually an undergraduate academic degree given for courses taken in the study of divinity.
At some institutions, the BD is a higher degree than the Bachelor of Arts.
Most of Olaf's damage was from its first landfall.
The Anna's Hummingbird is 9 to 10 centimetres long.
West Slavs are part of Slavs People.
Spider monkeys live in groups or bands of 10 to 40 monkeys.
It became a hurricane later and and made landfall near Halifax, Nova Scotia on September 29.
Carolingian minuscule was the direct and linear ancestor of blackletter.
Meurival is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Jeter was born in Pequannock Township, New Jersey, to an African-American father, Dr. Sanderson Charles Jeter; his mother Dorothy is of Irish and German descent.
It did not re-open until 14 February 1930 which was the formal re-opening. Tram number 1931 was used on the new route 31.
"Queso" is a 30 second song that is about a quesadilla.
Kavala is one of the biggest cities in Macedonia.
It is the capital of Kavala prefecture.
Râşca is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.
The city had been a coal-mining and rail center.
There are factories producing coal-tar derivatives, chemicals, textiles, and machinery.
The video cuts to Knowles wearing a pink polka dot corset against a hot magenta polka dot wall.
Arbore is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.
Honda is a large company from Japan.
A release window refers to a timely trend or personality, and missing that window of opportunity means a movie, possibly rushed into production, failed to release before the trend faded.
Saint-Alban-Auriolles is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
It is usually located at the bottom of the hull.
It is based in Toyota, Aichi.
The Southern Railway, was a British railway company established in the 1923 Grouping.
He clipped his namesake corner the second time, and when asked why by Jeremy Clarkson, replied that' I dunno - I just do 't like it'.
Many hearing people may choose to learn sign language - sometimes to talk to deaf people, sometimes because they have a deaf friend or a deaf person in their family, or just because they find sign language very interesting.
He trained at Army Recruit Training Centre, Kapooka, NSW.
He won prizes as the best shot and best at physical training in his platoon.
The Johnstown Flood, otherwise known as the Great Flood of 1889, was a major flood that happened in a city called Johnstown, Pennsylvania, in the eastern United States.
On being asked by the judge what answer they could make to the charges laid against them, Potts reports that they "humbly fell upon their knees with weeping teares", and "desired him for Gods cause to examine Grace Sowerbutts".
They had seven children: Eliza A. Garfield; Harry A. Garfield; James R. Garfield; Mary Garfield; Irvin M. Garfield; Abram Garfield; and Edward Garfield.
Patrick explained that he could relate to the plot. He was "constantly creating imaginary worlds as a kid" himself, and that the film reminded him of the place where he grew up.
Herstappe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Claudine Monteil is a French writer and women's rights specialist.
These cheeses got their name because they look like Swiss Emmental cheese.
The GIMP was started in 1995 by Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis and is now taken care of by a group of volunteers as part of the GNU Project.
Some comets orbit together in groups.
Astronomers think these comets are broken pieces that used to be one object.
Partridges are in the song "The Twelve Days of Christmas".
Led Zeppelin IV is the fourth album from the rock band Led Zeppelin, the title of the album is really, but since it's impossible to say these symbols, it is normal just to say Led Zeppelin IV.
It than runs down to Bahawalnagar and Chishtian araes, on the banks of river Sutlej River.
At 17 he began exploring the Sydney area, and went as far as Berrima.
Ablon is a commune.
It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
At the age of six she saw her father drown.
Like energy, it is a scalar quantity, with SI units of joules.
In cryptography, a block cipher is a symmetric key cipher which operates on a groups of bits of fixed length, called blocks, using an exact transformation.
In this design, the software simply has a loop.
Any editor may volunteer to help with DYK.
Aquila is a constellation representing an eagle, and is found in the northern part of the sky.
Whedon and Tim Minear spent the weekend writing a new episode, "The Train Job".
Stoker was the third of seven children.
Denis DeJordy was a goaltender with the Chicago Black Hawks, Los Angeles Kings, Montreal Canadiens and Detroit Red Wings over 12 seasons in the National Hockey League.
On 6 April 1730, the play The Cheats of Scapin was shown with it.
The Möbius strip or Möbius band is a surface with only one side and only one edge.
He made many enemies with a remark he made in 1936 when he said that orchestral musicians should not have a secure "job for life" but should give their "lifeblood with every bar they played".
A sliotar - is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball, consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together.
Strong storms of 1970 include Hurricane Celia, which killed 20 and caused severe damage. Also, Tropical Storm Dorothy killed 51 people, most in Martinique.
Nyssa's fate after she leaves the TARDIS is not known, although the spin-off novel Asylum, by Peter Darvill-Evans, reveals that she eventually leaves Terminus and settles down as an academic in a university on an unspecified planet.
Before it is served, the matcha is often forced through a sieve in order to break up clumps.
Other features of Cotonou include Cotonou Friendship Stadium, Cotonou Cathedral, Cotonou Central Mosque and the 20-hectare Dantokpa Market.
He married his wife Angie on October 13, 1998 and has two daughters and one step daughter from a prior marriage, In 2006, Batista said that he and his wife are separated.
Comet Hale-Bopp is the biggest and brightest comet that has come by Earth in the last century.
It was called the Great Comet of 1997.
Marcelo Zalayeta is an Uruguayan football player.
Gardenia is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.
Gardenia can be found in the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa, southern Asia, Australasia and Oceania.
In 2004, Park received a transfer to the ROK Army's 5th Special Forces Brigade.
Among the thick types of hot chocolate served in Europe is the Italian cioccolata densa.
Wikipedia is not Wikinews and has no need to scoop anyone.
The city is also the administrative center of Jacobabad Taluka, a subdivision of the district. The city itself is subdivided into 8 Union Councils.
Karen was like a best friend to Michelle.
Libreville was named in after Freetown.
It grew slowly as a trading post and a minor administrative center.
Jatoi is a tehsil, an administrative subdivision, of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, it is administratively subdivided into 16 Union Councils of Pakistan.
Unterhaching is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
In the end, more than 200 players wore number 42, including everyone on the Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Mets, Houston Astros, Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Milwaukee Brewers, and Pittsburgh Pirates.
A dynamo or an electric generator does the reverse: it changes mechanical movement into electric energy.
Every Thursday evening there is a communion service followed by warm pizza in the Chaplain's flat at which all are welcome.
The best theory available is Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity, which has passed all experimental tests hitherto.
In the summer of 1996, Robson became manager at FC Barcelona.
In his short time at the club, he signed Ronaldo and led the club to win the Spanish Cup, Spanish Super Cup and European Cup Winners' Cup.
It has a central park and many historic buildings, including old houses near the railway station on Sloane Street.
It also has two 19th-century cathedrals.
The Harem was home to the Sultan's mother, the Valide sultan; the concubines and wives of the Sultan; and the rest of his family, including children; and their servants.
Royal Tunbridge Wells is a town in Kent, England, UK.
Cuttlefish is especially popular in Italy, where it is used in Risotto Nero, and in the Croatian Crni Rižot, which is almost the same and originated most probably from Venice, then spread across both coasts of the Adriatic.
Usually each partition contains exactly one file system.
USB Flash drives are still more expensive, compared to other external storage devices, such as hard disks.
Mülligen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Students were also made to read and evaluate critically national & international news.
Van Basten was known for his strength on the ball, his tactical awareness and spectacular strikes and volleys.
He was named "European Footballer of the Year" three times and "FIFA World Player of the Year" in 1992.
The Cotswolds is a range of hills in central England, sometimes called the "Heart of England", a hilly area reaching over 300 m.
The area has been designated as Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The general view of the East is that the more robots advance, the better, which is the opposite of the Western belief.
She fixes the bones on a frame with cement and then makes drawings and has them engraved... It is certainly a wonderful instance of divine favor - that this poor, ignorant girl should be so blessed, for by reading and application she has arrived to that degree of knowledge as to be in the habit of writing and talking with professors and other clever men on the subject, and they all acknowledge that she understands more of the science than anyone else in this kingdom.
Giacomo Losi is a former Italian football player.
It has given coverage of Major League Baseball's World Series since 2004.
The Eocene is a geological epoch or stage, the second in the Tertiary. It lasted from about 55.8 million years to 34 million years, and was followed by the Oligocene epoch.
EA's relationship with ESPN will also enable tie-ins with different ESPN shows.
Yellows is a "New York-style diner" located in the Norwich & Peterborough Stand.
Other endings are studied according to the pieces on board other than kings, e.g. rook and pawn versus rook endgame.
He was the third-oldest son of his father Yesükhei, a minor tribal chief of the Kiyad and an ally of Ong Khan of the Kerait tribe, and the oldest son of his mother Hoelun.
Thal is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the center of the canton.
After some time gloves replaced bare hands.
112 is also the international emergency telephone number for all GSM mobile phone networks.
At 15, her family moved to Rosarito B.C., Mexico.
Later, they moved to Chula Vista.
The British Rail Class 101 diesel multiple units were built by Metro-Cammell at Washwood Heath in Birmingham from 1956 to 1959, following construction of a series of prototype units.
The name comes from the spanish words pesos oro or pesos plata.
It was the view of the Etruscan haruspices that a temple of Vulcan should be located outside the city, and the Volcanal may originally have been on or outside the city limits before they expanded to include the Capitoline Hill.
The melodrama was poorly reviewed, although Monroe commented that it contained some of her strongest dramatic acting.
During the 1964 presidential election, Ronald Reagan supported Republican candidate Barry Goldwater by making a famous speech called "Time For A Choosing".
From Monday to Saturdays there is normally an hourly First TransPennine Express service to York, Leeds, Manchester Piccadilly and Liverpool Lime Street.
There is a two-hourly service to Bridlington and Hull on the Yorkshire Coast Line.
It was directed by Judd Apatow, and stars Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl.
Courteney Cox is an American actress.
He was given a B.A. degree in 1967 from the University of California, Riverside and a Ph.D., in 1971, from Harvard University.
Certain squid and small crustaceans use bioluminescence as many squid use ink.
Hardware RAID controllers are often expensive to buy.
Harvey Bernard Milk was an American politician and a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
He was the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California.
What the Spanish then called "chocolatl" was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold.
Beerse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
This episode, along with three other episodes of the show, is featured on the The Simpsons Gone Wild DVD released in 2004.
2046 will be a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian Calendar.
Because of this, a heat pump must use extra energy to move the heat.
Hideki Maeda is a former Japanese football player.
It moved northward due to a cold front.
The combination of wind shear and cooler water temperatures quickly weakened the storm.
Their huts are circular with conical thatched roofs, and fairly broad verandas all round.
A quarry now operates at the side of the hill.
Robert Green is an English football player.
He plays for West Ham United and England national team.
Heurelho Gomes is a Brazilian football player.
McMahon started his wrestling career it 1971 as an announcer.
He worked for the "World Wide Wrestling Federation" which later changed its name to "World Wrestling Federation".
In 1902, Columbia's new president Nicholas Murray Butler was more receptive to the plan for a school and prizes, but it would not be until after Pulitzer's death that this dream would be fulfilled.
An incumbent is someone who currently holds a political office.
According to the 2005 U.S. Census estimates, the city had a population of 321.
There are two mentions of Lucifer in the Latin Vulgate.
A few months after Mahler's death in 1911, Walter led the first performance of Das Lied von der Erde in Munich, as well as Mahler's Symphony No. 9 in Vienna the next year.
The original flag became official on April 4, 1959, when Mali joined the Mali Federation.
Red Bull Racing is one of two Formula One teams owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull.
After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta, Georgia for high school, Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech, where he graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering.
So far the only close-up images of Umbriel are from the Voyager 2 probe, which made observations of the moon during its Uranus flyby in January, 1986.
Angelo Schiavio is a former Italian football player.
The Getae were called the Dacians by the Romans.
They were Thracians who were living in Dacia, which is where Romania, Moldova and the northern part of Bulgaria are now.
His first recording made with the Gibson ex Huberman was Romance of the Violin.
Mardan Division was an administrative division of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 got rid of the third tier of government.
Cabara is a commune.
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
The fourth novel, Tender is the Night, was not published until 1934.
Only the lines U5 and U6 are partly above ground.
Calum Davenport is an English football player.
Warsaw is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Maine is mostly safe from hurricanes and tropical storms.
He was the son of Nicolas Desmarest.
Xinhua News Agency is the official press agency of the People's Republic of China.
It was first named Red China News Agency in 1931 but changed its name to the current one in 1937.
All information in this encyclopedia must be verifiable in a reliable, published source.
The initial founders of the party were among others: Alexander Andrae, Oskar Lutz, Hans Bernd von Grünberg, Wilhelm Meinberg, Otto Heß, Hans Schikora, Heinrich Kunstmann, Adolf von Thadden.
They had been gradually if developing for all country during the governments Imperial and Republican.
The first collection of work by Scottish poet Robert Burns, Poems, chiefly in the Scottish dialect was published here in 1786.
The captain wound up in the water, and that was the first contact between the species when the Snorks saved his life, to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the Snorks, although very few humans believe in the existence of the Snorks.
The now ghost town of Colfax, Colorado was named after him.
Prunet is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
Small communities exist in Europe as well, especially in France, Portugal and Hungary.
It is a rorqual whale that is similar to Bryde's whale.
During the second half of the 18th century the Icelandic Sagas were still used as important historical sources, but the Viking Age was regarded as a barbaric and uncivilized period in the history of the Nordic countries.
Nousty is a commune of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.
There are two large parties, three smaller parties, and a number of minor parties.
According to Newton's second law of motion, as expressed in the formula an object with a mass, m, of one kilogram will accelerate, a, at one meter per second per second when acted upon by a force, F, of one newton.
Ottawa Hills is a village in Ohio, United States.
UPN was owned by CBS Corporation, which also owns the larger CBS network.
If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that specified version or of any later version that has been published by the Free Software Foundation.
Following anomalous sightings during an occultation of the star SAO 1220774 in 1978, Herculina became the first asteroid to be "confirmed" to have an asteroid moon, with the parent asteroid estimated at a 216km diameter and a moon of about 45km orbiting at a distance of around ,000 km.
After World War II and under the Allied occupation of Germany, the Wehrmacht was abolished.
Evanston is a city of Illinois in the United States.
In the summer of 1923, the Harding couple started on their nationwide "Voyage of Understanding".
Her name is the feminine of Gabriel, from the Hebrew, which means "messenger of God".
The song was written by Wendy Page, Jim Marr, D. Rambo and J. Richmond, and produced by Page and Marr for Billie's debut album Honey to the B.
Hans Tilkowski is a former German football player.
Keswick is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Changdeokgung was built as the secondary palace next to Gyeongbokgung.
A solution to such a problem can be verified quickly, but finding such a solution is very difficult.
NP-complete problems can be characterised by the fact that no fast solution to them is known.
He left on the Alexander, a convict transport ship in the First Fleet, in May 1787 and arrived in Botany Bay in January 1788.
The next morning, July 10, 1861, she died shortly after 10 'clock after requesting a cup of coffee.
Flannel, flannelette and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave.
In India, it is known as the Chaldean Syrian Church.
The state later encouraged free settlement, and today Queensland's economy is dominated by the agricultural, tourist and natural resource sectors.
In 1802 the Canton School was established; it was the first non-parochial high school in Switzerland.
Colin Richardson is a British record producer, mixer and recording engineer.
A wrestler may be expected to portray many gimmicks during their career, most of which may be implausible or inconsistent.
The most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by actually shooting the puck into his opponents' net was Evgeni Nabokov, in 2002.
Yoann Gourcuff is a French football player.
He plays for Girondins Bordeaux and France national team.
Half Hour of Power is Sum 41's debut EP.
Boer is the Dutch word for farmer which is used to call the descendants of the Dutch farmers of Southern Africa during the 1700s, as well as those who left the Cape Colony during the 1800s to live in the Orange Free State, Transvaal.
It also produces branched stolons with small white flowers and baby plantlets.
Schupfart is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Let us live crowned with glory... or swear to die gloriously!
In Cuba the damage totaled to $ 300 million. Also in Jamaica the damage totaled to only $ 10,000.
He is the conductor of the orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in London, and 'Orchestra dell 'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome.
After many hours, Janu made fire and danced happily.
The title of a powiat capital was gone for a short time, but it got the title back on January 16, 1816, when Augustów Voivodeship was made and its police were slowly moved to Suwałki.
For coordinates, use with display = inline, title.
Duff House Royal Golf course is bordered by the River Deveron and Duff House.
Airoldi wanted to participate in the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Piper believes in justification by faith alone apart from good works.
His teachings talk about the need for the Christian to have faith, sanctification, as this is evidence of God's saving grace.
Foxe died on the 8th of April 1587 and was buried at St. Giles's, Cripplegate.
The use of Britannia, with a single - t -, can also be traced to the Roman period.
Nicolas Anelka is a French football player.
It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the north of the district at 25 38' 60N 68 54' 0E, the Union Council has a population of 3,384.
There was also a paper box from 1440.
To the south of here is a park, a small lake, and a cemetery.
A follow-up game called Yoshi's Story was released for the Nintendo 64, and a direct sequel was released for the Nintendo DS called Yoshi's Island DS.
Here is what this template does.
The prefectures of Japan are the country's 47 subdivisions.
Campbell County, Tennessee, is named in his honor.
David Degen is a Swiss football player.
The WebKit engine has a set of classes to display web content in windows, and implements browser features such as following links when clicked by the the person using the web browser, managing a back-forward list, and managing a history of pages recently visited.
Uli Stielike is a former German football player.
He was hanged for murder at the Melbourne gaol in 1880.
The Ukrainian language is written with Cyrillic letters.
Many people have written music for the Hail Mary, or Ave Maria.
His Waterworld script was thrown out.
Only two of his lines were kept in the final script of X-Men.
Normal movies use 24 frames per second.
The art of glass developed especially in Italy.
Edge then climbed the ladder and successfully obtained possession of the briefcase to win the match.
The winner was at the time RAW superstar Kurt Angle, who later switched to the SmackDown ! brand.
It just expresses a truth.
Its navy could not carry his army to Iberia.
Hamilcar had to march towards the Pillars of Hercules and transport it across the strait.
Marine One is the call sign for any Marine aircraft carrying the President of the United States.
In March 2001, World Wrestling Federation Entertainment, Inc. purchased World Championship Wrestling.
The depression later strengthened into a tropical storm on the morning of August 24 where the storm was also named Katrina.
The Vespucci expedition also named the Potengi river, "Rio Grande".
He played the Delta Blues and is known for teaching Charlie Patton to play the blues, and moved to Chicago after World War I.
See also Identity fraud.
Blackfriars is an area of central London, which lies in the south-west corner of the City of London.
It crossed over Florida, and when it reached the western Atlantic, it paralleled the coastlines of Georgia and South Carolina.
The separator can also be a semicolon: disp = semi, disp = semicolon, disp = or, disp = comma & disp = b.
Honda, who already owned a 45 % stake in the BAR team, completed their takeover of the team and changed its name to Honda Racing F1 Team at the start of the season.
Cyrus Stevens Avery was known as the "Father of Route 66".
Ido is a language that came from Esperanto, so they look very similar.
Since Esperanto has more speakers than Ido, most people that know Ido first learned Esperanto and then later learned that Ido is a language, too.
There are both reductionist and holistic approaches to Earth science.
The island is called Bedanug or Bedhan Lag by the indigenous Australian people, the Kaurareg people.
National societies will be given the lead especially when a conflict is happening within their own country.
Wisdom literature is a genre of literature that was common in the ancient Near East.
Some people call Israel a puppet of the United States.
The militant approach taken by white supremacist groups has caused them to be watched closely by law enforcement officials.
A few well-known members of this order are the lavender, the lilac, the olive, the jasmine, the ash tree, the teak, the snapdragon, and a number of table herbs such as mint, basil, and rosemary.
Summer warmth is insufficient to thaw more than a few surface feet, so permafrost prevails under large areas.
By way of illustration, the following reference text by V. Yule is given in traditional English spelling and in Roman Phonetic Alphabet transcription.
Eminem has eight albums under his name that have been released worldwide.
Jouques is a commune of ,321 people.
It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C ôte 'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh ône department in the south of France.
The communication with the fixed network is done through a base station which is called "Radio Fixed Part", and terminates the radio waves.
The base station then uses a gateway to connect the calls to the fixed network.
It was named in August 2003 after Eurydome in Greek mythology, who is sometimes described as the mother of the Graces by Zeus.
Her teacher had been a pupil of Muzio Clementi.
Soon she was having piano lessons with famous teachers such as Ignaz Moscheles and Johann Nepomuk Hummel.
The early Cold War era saw the United States as the most powerful nation in a Western coalition of which Mexico and Canada were also a part.
Seedless bananas and grapes are triploids, and seedlessness results from the abortion of the embryonic plant which is produced by fertilisation.
The Stockwell Orphanage was an orphanage started by Spurgeon for boys in 1867, and for girls in 1879.
It was open until London was bombed in the Second World War.
Her most notable characters on The Simpsons include Agnes Skinner, Brandine Spuckler and Lindsey Naegle, while her performance as Mom is her most notable Futurama role.
She was the last Queen Consort of Ireland and Empress Consort of India.
The Brooklyn Excelsiors were an amateur baseball team that played in Brooklyn, New York.
Brentford F.C. is an English football club.
He studied at the Leipzig conservatory.
He went to Saint Petersburg to play in the Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra.
Four of the species are endemic to Australia, with one species also co-occurring in Papua New Guinea and Indonesia.
Loigné - sur-Mayenne is a commune of 704 people.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
Geraardsbergen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
They play their home games at Chase Field.
On December 18, 2008, it was said that HBO picked up the dark comedy.
Phil Neville is an English football player.
The new Governor, Weld, heard about Hampton's promise, and said the extra punishment was not fair.
She retained her National Championship title for the third year in a row on her way to the 2005 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.
Yoshinori Taguchi is a former Japanese football player.
The Lachlan river is in the area where the aboriginal people called the Wiradjuri lived.
A manor house or fortified manor-house is a country house, which has historically formed the center of a manor.
Most are herbaceous plants, but a few are shrubs and small trees.
Duval, whom Captain Mirvan hates.
Battagram Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Battagram District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
There are other kinds of medical thermometers: tympanic thermometers test the temperature of the tympan with infrared; band thermometers test a person's temperature on the front of their head.
Baralle is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Because of this, the shock layer is thin at high mach numbers.
In addition to many of the regular signal transduction stimuli listed above, in complex organisms, there are also examples of additional environmental stimuli that initiate signal transduction processes.
To use this template, simply copy the text below and replace the text between the with the desired result.
Marshalltown is a city of Iowa in the United States.
At his deathbed, he requested that no monuments be raised to his honor, but his statue was put up in front of Starčević House in 1998.
Meanwhile, Le Verrier had convinced Johann Gottfried Galle to search for the planet.
All of the highways into Wenchuan, and others across Sichuan province, were damaged.
This slowed down arrival of the rescue troops.
Vermes is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Charlemagne did intervene in church affairs, not always successfully.
Napoléon became Emperor two years after Hugo's birth.
The Bourbon Monarchy was restored When he was 17.
George Carlin was an American actor and comedian.
Carlin was famous for making a list of curse words that people should not say in the media, or even in public.
In 1702, the British completed the construction of old Fort William, which was used to station its troops and as a regional base.
Blairsburg is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Suikoden is a series of role playing video games made by Japanese company Konami.
GamesRadar said it is an "all-around bad-ass", saying its design is similar to the Egyptian God Anubis.
Locality of reference is one of the reasons why caches work well in many areas of computing.
The oldest known document in Maltese is "Il Cantilena," a poem from the 15th century written by Pietro Caxaro.
Around 1839, Benjamin moved to a remote valley, north of Murrurundi.
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Many anti-corporate and not-for-profit forms of alternative protest have surfaced in the punk underground, foe example, self-made publications know as "zines", where there is greater freedom to discuss controversial political issues such as bigotry, LGBT community issues, feminism, militant atheism, and veganism.
Tokusatsu is a Japanese word that means "special effects".
Later the tribe enjoyed barbecue, played soccer, and partied.
There are 6 Upazilas/Thanas in this district.
Phillip decided to go north to Port Jackson.
On 26 January 1788 this day is now called Australia Day the marines and convicts landed at Sydney Cove.
They both run off when they notice Figaro nearby.
Gold mining camps started up up as thousands of miners rushed into areas such as Spring Creek, Reedy Creek, Silver Creek, the Nine Mile Creek and the Woolshed.
Work with organic compounds found on meteorites tends to suggest that chirality is a characteristic of abiogenic synthesis, as amino acids show a left-handed bias, whereas sugars show a predominantly right-handed bias.
His original horns recede, and more now erupt in pairs along the length of his head.
Long ton is the name for the unit called the "ton" in the avoirdupois or Imperial system of measurements, as used in the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries.
Other things besides the cream floated to the top, he reflected sourly.
The only way to know how long you are lost in the darkness is to be saved from it.
The piece was written by Geoffrey Sampson, an academic nonentity who made various other incautious allegations and later, while engaged in an exchange with my friend Alexander Cockburn, strolled into the propellers and was distributed into such fine particles that he has never been heard from again.
The truth is, she can no longer control whether she forgives him or not.
On November 10 1982, at the age of 76, Leonid Brezhnev finally gave up the ghost, having long since come to resemble it.
There is a ticking, such as might be made by a clock. And, indeed, in the sky there is a clock, and the ticking of freshly minted seconds flows out from it.
Sam closed his eyes, willing himself to unlearn object permanence.
Who sees all beings in his own self, and his own self in all beings, loses all fear.
She had believed happiness to be an absence—of fear, of pain, of grief—but here it roared in her as powerful as any sadness
Face it, if crime did not pay, there would be very few criminals.
Beauty dislikes being captive to perfection.
Everything not saved will be lost.
Most people, it seems, simply aren’t prepared to commit themselves completely to political activism. Instead, they want the system changed for them.
The day had been sullen and damp, an evening that began at breakfast.
This thief parked on your doubts.
For instance, one country in Europe has a law that requires all its bakers to sell bread at the exact same price; a certain island has a law that forbids anyone from removing its fruit; and a town not far from where you live has a law that bars me from coming within five miles of its borders.
He was looking at the stationmaster with an odd expression, like a man who's cracked an egg and found inside a favourite toy soldier that he'd lost when he was five.
Traffic trumps ethics.
There should be a word for that moment between a dream and wakefulness, that moment when the theater of the mind is replaced by a stunting awareness, when all that might be is reduced to all that is.
She groped for words.
I supplied them mentally He broke my heart.
You merely broke my life.
She smiled, a moving childish smile that was like all the lost youth in the world.
Among many morals which press upon us from the poor minister's miserable experience, we put only this into a sentence:-Be true! Be true! Be true! Show freely to the world, if not your worst, yet some trait whereby the worst may be inferred! 
Whatever sentence I extract whole and entire from this cauldron is only a string of six little fish that let themselves be caught while a million others leap and sizzle, making the cauldron bubble like boiling silver, and slip through my fingers.
I fell in love with the universe at an early age.
He sometimes looked back with awe at the carnivals of affection he had given, as a general might gaze upon a massacre he had ordered to satisfy an impersonal blood lust.
Beauty has infinite range, but so does wretchedness
you act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire
To Landsman, heaven is kitsch, God a word, and the soul, at most, the charge on your battery.
The dice rolled on and rolled me from role to roll to role in a schizophrenic kaleidoscope of dramatic play
I don't think any of us can speak frankly about pain until we are no longer enduring it.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming.
“We become aware of the void as we fill it.”
Life is so uncertain: you never know what could happen.
One way to deal with that is to keep your pajamas washed.
And because of the intensity to which she roused him, he sought her.
The more one is hated, I find, the happier one is.
After Dad left, she just folded up into herself like an origami bird thrown into a fire.
The genius of America farm experts is very well demonstrated here: they can take a solution and divide it neatly into two problems.
The old things the very rich do are so stupendously wonderful that they almost never have to trouble themselves to do new ones.
I feel like cotton candy: sugar and air; squeeze me and I’d turn into a small sickly damp wad of weeping pinky-red.
It was patched and piebald policy then, as it is now, ever was and ever will be, world without end.
I would challenge you to a battle of wits but I see that you are unarmed!
To make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition.
When the sun has set no candle can replace it.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
I've waited a long time to show these flowers how pretty you are.
A day later, and Sol was a glowing, growing light in the cosmos raging.
Blessed are they who do not too much fear the gods which they have made!
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
We are dwarfs, William admitted, but dwarfs who stand on the shoulders of those giants, and small though we are, we sometimes manage to see farther on the horizon than they.
There was to be no surcease from suffering for the two castaway boys, just a cascading series of crises.
To condense fact from the vapor of nuance.
The person you love is 72.8% water, and it hasn't rained for weeks.
His origins are become remote as is his destiny and not again in all the world's turning will there be terrains so wild and barbarous to try whether the stuff of creation may be shaped to man's will or whether his own heart is not another kind of clay.
The explosion in my apartment had started a fire.
The flames couldn't burn away my past.
They only made the shadows behind me leap higher.
What are the stars but points in the body of God where we insert the healing needles of our terror and longing?
The little shards of sleep that they allowed her turned into razors, slicing at her wits.
I don't like to to use clean tools.
They give the impression that I'm not working hard enough!
For things change and get so different that we can hardly recognize them, and it seems that only our names remain the same.
Those people were rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic and everyone knew it.
People who believe that they are strong-willed and the masters of their own destiny can only continue to believe this by becoming specialists in self-deception.
There are so many men, all endlessly attempting to sweep me off my feet.
And there is one of you, trying just the opposite.
Making sure my feet are firm beneath me, lest I fall.
Happy New Year, All
Corpses lay out beneath their shrouds in an orderly line from gurney to gurney, the impression of their noses and mouths and closed eyes casting deep shadows beneath.
They bespoke an eternity I tasted but could not remember.
The parlor had the climate and invisible murmur of a forest glade and was crammed with furniture and exquisite objects, each in its natural place.
They were well matched, at least in the short term; she was fiery iron, straight from the forge, and he—in his apartment filled with books—was the water in which she cooled herself.
My past is everything I failed to be.
A sound soul, dwells within a sound mind and a sound body.
Perhaps in the soul, as in the soil, those growths that show the brightest colours and put forth the most overpowering smell have not always the deepest root.
Farsighted Jacob removes his glasses to dissolve Fischer's face.
It was the kind of beauty that made you shit your pants.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart: I am, I am, I am.
A baby fretted awhile, away off in the dark, crying at the echo of its own cries.
Regardless, the fever comes, and with it terrible diarrhea, and as Werner crouches in the mud behind the Opel, he feels as if he is shitting out the last of his civilization.
I saw a lazy, text-messaging, gum-chewing embryo, halfheartedly forming vital organs.
And indeed, if Yevgeny Irtenyev was insane, then everyone is just as insane, and the most insane are undoubtedly those who see signs of madness in other people that they do not see in themselves.
For three days and nights nobody spoke because only the language of the storm existed and our ancestors did not know how to speak that awful tongue.
She was leaning against the doorframe, like an attractive yawn on legs.
Silence held the bubble of the world in its grip.
They just get carried away by new ideas, like dressing up in jackboots and shooting people, or dressing up in white sheets and lynching people, or dressing up in tie-dye jeans and playing guitars at people.
And the people we pretend at, they're already in us.
That's why we pretend them in the first place.
But what am I to do if I love her?
The cult of respectability had introduced a blessed order into people's lives, and at the same time opened the door for marvellous hypocrisy.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
If you kill a whale, you get Greenpeace and Jacques Cousteau on your back, but wipe out sardines and you get a canning subsidy!
 The lad was a genius with the Blade, an artist with paint of only one shade.
When an Apple has ripened and falls- why does it fall?
Is it because of the force of gravity, because it's stem withers, because it is dried by the sun, because it grows heavier, because the wind shakes it, or because the boy standing under the tree wants to eat it?
Having said that, he once again became a merchant.
As of now, he was a servant to contracts and a slave to money, but at the same time a devious underground member of royalty controlling the world of men from the shadows.
Anyone can love a thing because.
That's as easy as putting a penny in your pocket.
But to love something despite.
To know the flaws and love them too.
That is rare and pure and perfect.
Now this is the Law of the Jungle, as old and as true as the sky.
But if you harm her in any way, I will reach across the centuries and the stars to strangle the life out of you with my own hands.
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
But you are eternity and you are the mirror
History is a myth men agree to believe
All those lives, all those empty rooms, what would they have been for?
The more freedom you give to those around you, the more freedom you'll find for yourself.
The clock on the shelf continued its dry rapping on the walls of time.
They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered.
Another thing is no matter how much you think you love somebody, you'll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close.
a new generation dedicated more than the last to the fear of poverty and the worship of success; grown up to find all Gods dead, all wars fought, all faiths in man shaken
Most civilizations have left behind nothing but a stratum of detritus in between two strata of ashes.
When a longing for purity persuades him to condemn 'social hypocrisy,' man does not recover his lost integrity, but loses his shame.
Suicide is pointless, since one always kills oneself too late.
Mrs Whittaker's dress was always studiously suited to its occasion; thus, her bearing had always that calm that only the correctly attired may enjoy
I’ve been through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.
Have you noticed? Anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anybody going faster than you is a maniac.
Live as long as you may, the first twenty years are the longest half of your life.
It's a wise person who can distinguish optimism from ostrichism
A darkness so total it reached into her memory and blotted the sun from the pictures there.
No amount of expertly choreographed PR could prevail, in the end, against Armageddon.
It strolled over the barricades and took its pleasure.
I couldn't imagine somebody like Osama bin Laden understanding the joy of Hanukkah.
If you want to see the girl next door, go next door.
When a gay man has way too much fashion sense for one gender he is a drag queen.
Dry your eyes; and let's go home.
Accept both your profits and regrets.
It is best to seize what comes to hand when it comes, and not expect that your good fortune and the favorable circumstances will last.
He had decided to live forever or die in the attempt,
The Population Reference Bureau predicts that the world's total population will rise to 7,000,000,000 before the year 2000.
'I suppose they will all want dignity,' I said.
She wants fire, and Dorne sent her mud.
You could make a poultice out of mud to cool a fever.
You could plant seeds in mud and grow a crop to feed your children.
Mud would nourish you, where fire would only consume you, but fools and children and young girls would choose fire every time.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.
They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them.
You're no help, he told the lime.
This was unfair.
It was only a lime; there was nothing special about it at all.
It was doing the best it could.
Old people are never expecting you to hit them; that's why it's so effective when you do.
Eddie Dean blew breath into the keyhole of his memory.
And this time, the tumblers turned.
Trees brawl beneath the bruising of the sky
He had, he knew, carried the suppression of thought in his conscious mind so far that his unconscious self had taken command and had, for the time, paralysed both his body and his mind.
One hundred sixteen miles on an old map.
You need to be aware of a feeling before you can repress it
The summit of Mt Everest is marine limestone.
As happens sometimes, a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment.
Lies are armor.
Truth is a sword.
But if I'm to choose between one evil and another, then I prefer not to choose at all.
And all we have is love.
With nothing to love, just the love, aching out, reaching out and never clasping love in return.
For it matters not how small the beginning may seem to be: what is once done well is done forever.
I have dug my grave in this place, and I will either triumph or I will die!
One of the most dangerous things in the universe is an ignorant people with real grievances.
Dorothy Conner, twenty-five, of Medford, Oregon, in first class: I'd never seen a more uneventful or stupid voyage.
The illegal we do immediately.
The unconstitutional takes a little longer.
And things went back to as normal as they could get, inside an asteroid, above Alpha Centauri, looking for signs from God.
One minute, she was in the State of Puerto Rico and the next minute, she was in the State of Persistent Vegetables.
With a bit of luck, his life was ruined forever.
Always thinking that just behind some narrow door in all of his favorite bars, men in red woolen shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he’ll never know.
They never reminisced about the time they had to drive halfway back to Indianapolis because I'd left Dexter Poindexter, my terry-cloth penguin (threadbare, ravaged by love-- as who among us is not) in a gas station restroom,
What to call it - the spark of God? Survival instinct? The souped-up computer of an apex brain evolved from eons in the R&D of natural selection?
If a bullet's going to get you, it's already been fired.
But it was a prayer only to themselves: I will completely accept everything I was born with, they said, and I will do my best to change it.
They say: give those flowers to people while they can smell them.
So I send this one to you, let it be yours forever.
Could they hide here until the war ends, until the armies finish marching back and forth above their heads, until all they have to do is push open the door and shift some stones aside and the house has become a ruin beside the sea?
We share what we are even when we forget, like icebergs share the ocean.
Sisyphus was pushing different rocks that day.
Granddaddy favored games with hole cards, where your strength was in your secrets and you flew into the eye of chaos riding your ghost.
Everything after 2 AM was a loss of innocence.
There is no exception to this rule.
You either tell yourself the truth or go mad.
The inbetween is your chance at salvation.
As though some beast breathes all the time at the windowpanes of his mind.
All I know of heaven and all I know of death is in this park: an elegant universe in ceaseless motion, teeming with ruined ruins and screaming children.
Once you get past a certain threshold, everyone's problems are the same: fortifying your island and hiding the heat signature from your fusion reactor.
It took me 19 days and 500 nights to forget about her.
I am confident that you will live to experience another emergency
I don’t know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
And after the hose incident she didn't go back to her room, just stayed in the main room and floated about grumpily, the color of a luminous carrot.
Just as there are people who just want to see the world burn, there are those who only wish to douse the flames. Both are equally useless.
I can’t remember a time since I was a young child when both my eyes slept at the same time.
Walking across a room while chewing gum at the same time is not too difficult, even though some statesmen have been alleged to be unable to do it; but, in fact, there is not that much more that can be done concurrently.
It is curious how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do not want.
We can stick anything into the fog and make it look like a ghost.
He said that life boils down to standing in line to get shit dropped on your head.
Everyone's got a place in the queue, you can't get out of it, and just when you start to congratulate yourself on surviving your dose of shit, you discover that the line is actually circular.
To love someone is to give them the power to destroy you.
Do it right, you'll have a good cry every once in a while.
Do it wrong, you'll run out of tears.
You've got to act like a prick again! For the good of the land!
Nature takes no account of moral consequences, of arbitrary conditions which we create, and which we feel obliged to maintain at any cost.
Derby described the incredible artificial weather that Earthlings sometimes create for other Earthlings when they don't want those other Earthlings to inhabit the Earth any more.
There is nothing that can take the pain away, but eventually you will find a way to live with it.
There will be nightmares, and everyday when you wake up, it will be the first thing you think of.
Until one day, it will be the second thing.
“A baby was like a revolution, Grigori thought: you could start one, but you could not control how it would turn out.”
Nightmares are sent by who, or what, we really are, underneath.
Don't forget where you come from, the nightmare tells.
Don't forget your true self.
You can always tell employees of the government by the total vacancy which occupies the space where most other people have faces.
In their time the smell of buffalo, and in our time the smell of the Rocket.
And God consoles Himself with the thought that all creation necessarily ends in this: Creators, powerless, fleeing from the things they have wrought.
We cross our bridges when we come to them and burn them behind us, with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke, and a presumption that once our eyes watered.
Ethel kissed as if she had one minute left to live.
This is the way the world ends, Not with a bang, But with a whimper.
He would like a little assurance that no one will destroy the world for some good cause.
Each step was the only step in his universe.
They slept as deeply and as soundly as if their food had been drugged.
Nowadays only cosmologists and particle physicists are allowed to invent new kinds of matter when they want to explain why their theories totally fail to match observed reality.
I'm drunk on the sound Of your voice, echoing hear.
Where do dead soldiers die who are killed in battle? They die at home, in Port William and thousands of other little darkened places, in thousands upon thousands of houses like Ms. Gladdie's where The News comes, and everything on tables and shelves is all of a sudden a relic and a reminder forever.
They were cheap masks locked on festering thoughts - voices gabbling to drown out the loud silence in every breast.
I don't know about angels, but it's fear that gives men wings.
Weep ye rather, and weep again, and clothe you all in black.
They have got you looking so hard for any flaw, that after a while that is all you see.
Whether the years had finally cracked his spirit, or had finally cracked the shell around his spirit - who was to say.
The scaffolding of rationality and reason that held Saleh together began to tremble at its base.
I'd been the goose, and now it was my turn to be the gander.
I've never known what that means, geese-wise.
As they sipped their wine we plunged into the cornucopia, quivering with desire and the ecstasy of unbridled avarice.
Phrases That Make You Pause- Blood Meridian
this society torn between the hope of living forever and the fear of never dying
Living is living, the price was guilt and shame.
The traffic lights they turn blue tomorrow And shine their emptiness down on my bed, The tiny island sags downstream 'Cause the life that they lived is dead.
And the wind screams Mary.
Higgins was his name, but that was not his fault.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
The fetus was minute - a congregation of loitering cells - and as with anything that informal, there was a good chance that it might disperse.
I ran.
I ran until my muscles burned and my veins pumped battery acid.
Then I ran some more.
Her face was like the weather in one of those places with no discernible seasons.
Do not become so attached to any one belief than you cannot see past it to another possibility.
“It is a frightening thought, that in one fraction of a moment you can fall in the kind of love that takes a lifetime to get over.”
Where Dee is a broadsword, Machiavelli is a scalpel
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not.
Make it your strength.
Then it can never be your weakness.
Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
Then, in this vanishingly small moment in the history of the universe, she took my hand, and held it all the way to the subway.
And the mists had all solemnly risen now, and the world lay spread before me.
Instead of singing in the shower, I would write out the lyrics of my favorite songs, the ink would turn the water blue or red or green, and the music would run down my legs.
He had wanted a trip down memory lane but when he got there he remembered it was his least favorite street.
Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving
An Outside Context Problem was the sort of thing most civilisations encountered just once, and which they tended to encounter rather in the same way a sentence encountered a full stop.
There was, no doubt, a confusion of persons in damnation: what pantheists falsely hoped of Heaven was received in Hell. They were melted down into their Master, as a lead soldier skips down and loses his shape in the ladle when held over the gas ring
The man's expression softened; he seemed lonely, even though he had the universe as his place of business.
Space had killed more men than women had, and that was saying something.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Between what's half-built and what's falling down is a state of mind.
That which you manifest is before you.
I have the Angelina Jolie of vaginas.
I am the pistol saying I will only say this once.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving one be me
Larsen did not give up on God until well after the divorce, and by then he was seriously collecting comic books.
“To boldly go where no uploaded metahuman colony has gone before' has a certain ring to it, doesn't it?”
To stare at nothing is to learn by heart what all of us will be swept into.
We cross our bridges when we come to them and burn them behind us, with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke, and a presumption that once our eyes watered.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
Call a jack a jack; call a spade a spade.
But always call a whore a lady.
Their lives are hard enough, and it never hurts to be polite.
It glistened in the mist; the train hissed, and I listened.
Inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.
In most cases, people, even wicked people, are far more naive and simple-hearted than one generally assumes.
It was worth a wound; it was worth many wounds; to know the depth of loyalty and love which lay behind that cold mask.
The clear, hard eyes were dimmed for a moment, and the firm lips were shaking.
For the one and only time I caught a glimpse of a great heart as well as of a great brain.
Whoever said the small things don't matter, has never seen a match start a wild fire.
But no, we cross, crisscross, and recross our old tracks like figure skaters. 
It was a dark, blustery afternoon in spring, and the city of London was chasing a small mining town across the dried-out bed of the old North Sea.
A screaming comes across the sky.
There is nothing more atrociously cruel than an adored child.
His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.
But I don't want comfort, I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness, I want sin.
At first he went to school and played baseball on back lots on Saturday afternoons, but then came his last commencement, and all the children sang My Country, 'Tis Of Thee, and school was over and he had to go to work.
Speak what we feel, not what we ought to say.
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring.
We must never, ever be boring.
No one is as strong as all of us.
His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.
Far down in the rock, the segments of uranium began to rush together, seeking the union they could never achieve.
And the island rose to meet the dawn.
You've been looking down on us like a man standing atop a single sheet of paper, who therefore thinks himself so high as to see for miles.
But I, being poor, have only my dreams; I have spread my dreams under your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
A tie is a noose, and inverted though it is, it will hang a man nonetheless if he's not careful.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
She was a a stupefying sight, retarded at the very least
“If you want to know how much darkness there is around you, you must sharpen your eyes, peering at the faint lights in the distance.”
A rose is a rose is a rose.
But these chair legs were chair legs were St. Michael and all angels.
Here we may reign secure, and in my choyce to reign is worth ambition though in Hell: better to reign in Hell, then serve in Heav'n
“What made marriage so difficult back then was yet again that instigator of so many other sorts of heartbreak: the oversize brain.”
A mirror is not burned by the sun!
But being a child had little to do with age.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that.
The man in black fled across the dessert, and the gunslinger followed.
One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothing can beat teamwork.
Choose and eat.
There is death in one and life in the other.
Life before death.
Strength before weakness.
Journey before destination.
“No attained object of willing can give a satisfaction that lasts and no longer declines; but it is always like the alms thrown to a beggar, which reprieves him today so that his misery may be prolonged till tomorrow.”
“You do not know the first note of the music that moves me.”
Do you see that thing facing you? That is the last man.
If you are human, that is humanity.
Then she was pressing her little proud broken self against his face, as close as she could get, and then they died.
I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled.
Their virtue is lifeless and of little value.
Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't
He knew that the child was his warrant.
He said: If he is not the word of God, God never spoke.
“I'm not stupid! In Bean's experience, that was a sentence never uttered except to prove its own inaccuracy.”
And sometimes trains would cry in the monstrously hot and humid night with heartrending and ominous plangency, mingling power and hysteria in one desperate scream.
His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.
Power comes out of the barrel of a gun.
“The words were on their way, and when they arrived, she would hold them in her hands like the clouds, and she would wring them out like the rain.”
We are here to help each other get through this thing, whatever it is
'If I cannot move heaven, I will raise hell.'
Humans need fantasy to be human.
To be the place where the falling angel meets the rising ape.
You have paid me several compliments, Mr. Moriarty, said I.
Let me pay you one in return when I say that if I were assured of the former eventuality I would, in the interests of the public, cheerfully accept the latter.
The spiral birth factory, stepped terraces of the hatching cells, blind jaws of the unborn moving ceaselessly.
In his mind's eye, a kind of time-lapse photography took place, revealing the thing as the biological equivalent of a machine gun, hideous in its perfection.
Because no battle is ever won he said.
They are not even fought.
The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.
Then something Tookish woke up inside him, and he wished to go and see the great mountains, and hear the pine-trees and the waterfalls, and explore the caves, and wear a sword instead of a walking-stick.
The Dane is a doubter because the history of Denmark is the story of the fall of a mighty tribe.
FREE Pond Fish, you catch.
In the beginning the Universe was created.
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies.
The man who never reads lives only one.
The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel.
The girl looked kind of like Wesley Crusher, but prettier and with nicer arms.
Then he pondered Mr. Croup's last statement with the intensity of an anatomist dissecting his one true love.
He had a large, white, spraying mustache and two smaller ones, one over each eye.