I told my daughter to be careful about sharing earrings with her friends. That's how you get earring AIDs.
The drummer said he would smash my guitar if I make one more pun. I said "Is that a fret?"
If you very sadly said hello to someone, you know, hi pathetically 
What makes cents? Me: If cents make dollars, what makes cents?   Boyfriend: I don't know.   Me: You and me.   
Asking the Indian Baker for his secret recipe, he replied.. It's naan of your business!
Once, I tried to found a town. But it quickly reached maximum capacity.
Puns about communism aren't funny... Unless everybody gets them.
Once, I cut through a field of thistles. I was going through a rough patch.
The ninja didn't understand his homework He was kung fused
My brother just threw a milk carton at me How dairy
I wish I had something good to post here, but all I've got is the one about the trillions of cattle. It's terabull.
How did the chicken farmer get into Guinness World Records? He has a massive cock.
Why did the Russian automobile dealership go out of business? All their cars kept Stalin.
Why is Ireland a rich country? Because its capital is always 'dublin.
What do they use in the Vatican so it smells good? Popeouri
I told my friend who recently had plastic surgery that her eyebrows seemed to high. She looked surprised.
I've always liked the LG G-Spot.. It has a great fingerprint sensor.. Also a showerthought.  I know it's bad it's my first time
Why did they say the hooker wasn't on her best behavior? She didn't mind herpes and qs. 
What do you call the skeleton of a shark that graduated from MIT? Cartilagenius
What kind of woman are attracted to firefighters? Hoes
A baby boy in Georgia was born without eyelids, however doctors were able to fashion them from his foreskin... ...except now he's a little cockeyed.
How much did it cost the pirate too visit the audiologist? A buck an ear.
What do you call a column shaped as a cat? A caterpillar  Credit: Me
I made a cup of coffee for my wife but she burnt her mouth when she drank it and now she cant pronouce her T's... I'm never gonna hear the end of it.
How many of the 10 puns I posted to this site received upvotes? No pun in ten did. 
What do you say when someone tells a bad pun Punnyyyy
I saw a kidnapping today! ...but I decided not to wake him up
Interesting result The other day I washed clothing of different colors with the white ones, and the final result was very interesting. My girlfriend beat me.
A Lonely Seabird... ...was lamenting his solitude.  He always tried his best to do what was right and just, but he was starting to lose hope that anything good could actually happen to him.  He cried into the void of the black night sky, and his prayer was answered.  The avian god granted him the companionship he so desperately craved.    The moral: One good tern deserves another.
What do you call a dense group of big thighs A thiccet.
Indian Takeout Leftovers Me: Please leave me some indian food for later  SO: No matter how much I eat, there will be naan left   Me: -groans- 
I was sacked from my job as a blacksmith because I lost a customers order. Not that I'm complaining... I have no axe to grind.
Thieves that steal bike seats are... Fucking assholes.
I had a job crushing pop cans... It was soda pressing
Is there an official name for the sky during winter? It's a grey area.
I'm trying to get my neighbours to sign my petition to get the dirt in my garden replaced... It's a grass roots campaign. 
What was Handel's favourite game? Haydn seek
What do you call a depressed priest? Suibible
What do Jedis eat breakfast with? The forks.
I'd like to make a liquor called Applause When you order shots, you receive a round of Applause. 
At work, people are upset that the dark plastic cutlery has been replaced by lighter colored ones. I guess black knives matter.
Prepared for the exam My teacher used to say that we have to love his subject. When I failed an exam for his class one time, I said, "we all do stupid things when we are in love."
Angry to learn that my medical biopsies were stolen, then infused into aromatic, flammable sticks. I am incensed!
My parents used to eat peaches and only leave me a pile of the seeds. It was the pits.
5/7/5 Smoke marijuana  Overthrow the government  This is a high coup
Me, lazy?!? Don't get me started!
What is the shared technique between Retsu from Baki the grappler and goku from dbz ? (self.anime) The Kaiou-ken
At my workplace, we don't have anyone specifically in charge of enforcing font policy We are sans sheriff.
A club of quilters told me they so appreciated my help with their event. Told them it was no problem since they were sew easy to work with.   I know it's horrible but they laughed for a good 5 seconds.
I had faith that cutting the grass in my garden into quarters would make it grow... It was a four lawn hope.
A friend and I are writing a play for a course. The lead is an adolescent with 11 fingers. When discussing the name I suggested oneteen.  He hasn't come back yet.
Soup Pun from My Dad Today Me: I found a great new pho restaurant the other day. Dad: Oh yeah? I've never had pho. Well, not pho that wasn't frozen in a package at the grocery store. Me: Dad, that isn't pho. That's like saying you've had Hollandaise because you bought some in a jar once. Dad: So I guess you could say it was... faux pho?
Pépin pans If Jacques Pépin sold a set of eponymous pans, his personal set would be called: Jacques Pépin's Pépin pans.
Count Dracula had a crush on someone. But he loved her in vein.
If being homosexual is referred to as "playing for the other team": If they "score", is that considered to be an own goal?
What is Cupid's weapon of choice? Eros
There has to be a root cause as to why most people don't regularly eat carrots, but... ...you need to have more than a surface-level interest to make any groundbreaking advances in this field of inquiry. It's important that we to get to the bottom of this matter and unearth some facts with a grounded empirical approach so that we can pull up alongside contemporary science in this fundamental subject.
What do cadavers and some streets have in common? They have dead ends and cul de sacs 
I have to guard public washrooms for a week , help me make puns about my job. I guess you could say it's my dootie. 
You seriously don't know why you have vocal chords? For crying out loud!
What do you call Shakespearean medicine? Romeo-pathy
How much salt did the crab put on his lunch? Just a pinch!
What do you call a less-common sushi? mi-nori-ty
_____________________________________________ With all the puns going around, I thought I should draw a line somewhere 
My sister bet me a hundred dollars I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti... You should of seen the look on her face when I drove pasta!
What did the ghost say to the eastern deity? Boo! Duh.
A cock can crow but a crow can't cock
Why did the snail buy a Tesla? He wanted people who saw him driving to say "look at that S car go"
If a person from Norway refrains from eating animal products... Are they Norvegan?
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? Because he was oustanding in his field.
Where does a dog go if he loses his tail? A re-tail store. *bu dum tshh*
The triathlete wasn't very successful But he did tri. 
I taste the third bowl of wine, juice and soda water. "All clear!" I announce to the partygoers. "I won't pull any punches tonight."
If Twitter manufactured a smartphone, would it be named the birdcall? It sounds like it'd be pretty cheep.
"How's the lifeguard job going?" "Swimmingly."
I've had a job as a sea marker for 30 years now... Man and buoy
Crochet puns? Looking for some crochet and yarn puns to use for a WiFi router name.   Hit me with your best!
My snowman seems kind of stressed... I think he's having a meltdown.
What did the Buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison...
My dad died of the big C... Not cancer, he drowned.
I don't get why sausages are called sausages They don't have any aged sauce in them
I need a pun for amethyst Im giving amethyst as a gift to my girlfriend cause she loves Steven Universe. I can't think of any good puns to go along side it, I was trying to think of one and I can't. plz halp
If they made a sequel to ratatouille, they should call it Ratatwoille
A truck loaded with Vicks VapoRub overturned on the freeway Police have confirmed there will be no congestion for eight hours.
One of the most intuitive fictional characters was Quasimodo.  He had a magnificent hunch.
Have you heard of a place called Bacon in Washington Its just a Speck on the map.
There's been a revelation in landscaping technology. The world of yard working has been totally flipped on it's head by this new product. Some say that it's the lawn of a new era. 
I was reading my pregnancy book describing what to expect in the 3rd trimester.... Book: You may start experiencing more constipation than before. Me: Yeah, no shit.
What do you tell a guitar player who is afraid of having to find the notes by himself? "Fret not."
Have you seen Bigfoot? Not Yeti...
Mr & Mrs Loaf decide to start a family... ... Mr Loaf gets out the champagne and says "Lets have a toast!".
Who works at the underwater bank? The Loan Shark!
What do you call a snake that's exactly 3.14 feet long? A π-thon.
My economics teacher She is so demanding. 
What's the difference between a poor man on a bicycle & a rich woman on a tricycle? Attire <3
Tornado rips through local cow farm It was an udder disaster! 
What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don't like the Flinstones but people in Abu Dhabi dooo!
I had a job in a recycling plant squashing drink cans but I quit.... ...because it was soda pressing.
I was going to be smooth on you... Then I thought, butter not!
Help: I need a punny costume I need a punny costume for an upcoming party, please help with ideas!!
The 'Cash me Ousside' girl is going to open her own specialty hat store... They're calling it the HowBowDashery
Ever tried to eat a clock? It's rather time consuming.
Science+LGBT pun help?! I am helping fundraise for a satellite March for Science and we are hosting a benefit drag show. We are looking for an awesome pun for the title of the show - something tying together drag queens and science. We have some less than perfect options currently (Cell-Centered, ConCocktions) but know we can do better. Feel free to post your own!  And for your help I shall reward you with a bad science pun...  Me: Did you hear NASA discovered a new solar system with 7 Earth-like planets?  Ackbar: It's a Trappist!
What is the difference between a sycophant and an Indian chef? One curries favor, while the other favors curry!  
What do you call a card that lets you trade Reddit gold? A cREDDIT CARD!!
If I were ever to start an Indo-Vietnamese restaurant Me: I'd probably have to call it Pho, Nom, & Naan.  Future Mrs. Qball:  It would end up being Pho, Nom since you always forget the naan.  Me:... So you're saying it'd be Pho, Nom, & Nil?
Secret agent intelligence briefings should be called *Show in-tel*
Haggis pun in real life. Someone described haggis as awful.  I said, "No, it's offal!"    She wanted to smack me through Skype.  
Have You Heard of the movie constipation? It hasn't come out yet :P * Person 2: What a shit joke.
What kind of coffee do zombie-cows hate? Decalf. 
I wanna open up a hardware store that also features live stand-up comedy. I'd call it Richard Pliers 
What will you call it when, in a hair family, the son hair dies? Heirfall
What's the best kind of rimjob joke? Tongue-in-cheeks
I've decided I'm going to open a smoke shop in Las Vegas... I'm gonna call it Blackjack and Hookahs.
The Bob Creamer Group was caught handing out Russian flags at CPAC to manufacture fake news about Russian flags being waved and then confiscated. I guess you could call this a... False Flag.
My Award Acceptance Speech I am truly honored to receive this award today. There is some appreciation to give, some thanks if you will. *Pulls out some paper and unfolds it. Clears throat.*  *First, I'd like to thank my fans, who always help me keep a cool head.  *Thanks to my family, who I can always relate to.  Now to some more personal thanks. *I'd like to thank my ears for always listening. *Thanks to my eyes for always helping me see things clearly. *To my hands who always help me grasp the situation.  *Thanks to my legs for always supporting me.  *To my arms for always reaching out in a time of need.  *To my fingers. I can always count on them.  *And finally, I'd like to thank my hair....for always having my back...
All the students in my class are underachievers and I hate marking their tests. It's degrading. 
Who's our favorite fictional character who does weed when no one's looking? Harry Potter
Where are good things made? At the Satis Factory!
Some Punny help, please I need puns for a couples (any gender) fashion show.  Not just costumes like Halloween pairs, but couples on a runway.  For example, last year we had a men's show, and he wore a ten gallon hat which was a cowboy hat with 10 one-gallon milk jugs attached.  The previous year, for the women's show, she wore a plunging neckline which was a plumber's plunger on a ribbon around her neck.  This show is couples. Please kill my inbox with ideas.
Police are looking for a suspect that embedded nails in the concrete to puncture tires Police are saying this has caused a spike in roadway accedents
How do clams recognize each other? Mussel memory.
If you were a disease you'd be acute one.
Andy Warhol was a very significunt artist. He said that an artist is someone who produces things that people don't need to have. What a cunt.
I tripped and fell while mountain-climbing... It was all down hill from there. 
Need Help Brainstorming Some Puns Need help coming up with family friendly and or cheesy puns that include both the words: Big and Little.
Why can't banks keep secrets? There are too many tellers. 
Saw this one in an elevator today. The elevator was managed by a company called Schindler. Schindler's Lift.
A math teacher evaluated his class: "Alright, I want you all to answer as a class." "Can you add and subtract?" "More or less", they said. "How about multiplication?" "Some times yeah". "Division as well?" But on this, the class was divided..
If a fox has an awkward social embarrassment about his fake feet, It's called a faux pas
I was going to make a joke about a pro boxer But I was afraid of the punch line 
Why did the banana go to the hospital? He wasn't peeling well 
I've come up with a cunning plan We should all band together and create a punning clan
If I had to commit a crime, it wouldn't be arson. There just isn't a burning need for it.
Did you hear about the crabs that struck back at the sushi bar? The first prepared dish was crushed-Asian.
Jamaican Hairstyle day at work tomorrow. I am already dreading it.
What is more amazing than a talking dog? A spelling bee!
You know Donald trump has some pretty fragile sensibilities.. I guess you could call him a.. Wallflower
This girl said she never wants to see me again I guess you can say she gave me a wrist-training order
You know why apple hates DC? They don't support Flash
Why did the mad scientist deliberately create a huge fire tornado? Some people just want to watch the whirled burn.
My favorite coffee mug got stolen by my coworker rob I guess i got robbed.
Need A Punny Toilet Paper Fort Name So i've recently moved near a Costco and my friend and I are basically waiting to go in and build a toilet paper fort. The argument we are having is not about how or when, it is about WHAT shall we call castle loo roll.  I thought to go to Reddit for help, the best I have so far is Balmoroll castle. 
A doggo walks into a bakery with five cents... A doggo walks into a bakery with five cents and asks what they can get. The baker responds,     "A loaf of puppernickel."
Help me with my valentines giraffe puns Me and my girlfriend bonded over puns and this Valentine's I got her a stuffed giraffe but I can't think of any puns related to giraffes, please help.
what did the addict say to the other addict? have we meth before?
A: The fishing rod is only 9$. B: Where is the hook on the thing?  A: There is no hook.
I burnt a piece of bread in the toaster and now I can't eat it... Not because of the taste but because I'm black toast intolerant.
I told 10 puns in hopes I would make at least one person laugh But sadly, no pun in ten did 
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he was feeling crumby
Averages? What the hell does that even mean?!
Did you hear about the next James Bond film? It's about a insane stand-up comic who plots to take over the world.  It's called 'The Man with the Golden Pun.'
If two vegans are fighting... ...Is it still called a beef?
What did everyone in the world say after Trump was elected? Joke's on US
Dating me is like ingesting NH3 Either way, you'll end up with A Moan In Ya. 
If you ask your gay friend a question... ... is that considered a queer-y?
My trial print just fell in my jello dessert The proof was in the pudding.
Help with a punny 5k team name? Hey all. I am apparently the "punny" one in the office so I'm supposed to come up with our team name. We all work for our university registrar's office and we are running in a charity 5k.  The only one I had was "Registrar Dogs" and that went over some heads.
Proud of my Belgian ancestry, but wondered what effect it has had on me genetically... For example, it's been a long time that I've been aware that I seem to be always coughing and spitting. It took me while, but I just figured it out: . . . It's because I'm Phlegmish!
IN THE BAND ROOM: "Someone undid our practical joke!" "Now we have to put the toothpaste back in the tuba."
You know why its hard to find a Pikachu dressed as Deadpool? Because it's a pikapool.  
Britain is the best place for foodies. You loose pounds everytime you eat.
I sipped my beverage this morning... It went down the wrong pipe. I choked and it spewed out everywhere... the drink was coughy.
They should name a pornstar: 'Ivanka Hump"
PROM PUNS HELP so im asking a girl to prom early next week and I need some prom puns... she plays lacrosse and a lot of other sports, and she tends to spend late nights studying (she works really hard). any good prom puns out there? Please help.
A judge was bludgeoned to death with underwear-filled luggage during a trial It was a brief case
What did the Earth people say to the invading aliens? You A Foe.  (U-F-O).
What do you call a "Must Watch" Tarantino movie? Quentin-ssential viewing
What do you call a sick painting? An Ill-ustration.
What happened in Poland's largest city in the 1940's? It saw war.
What do you say to a 4channer in a BDSM club? "Troll in the dungeon!"
What do you call someone who believes African Rivers have no purpose? A nileist
Pun Request: prom asking using name Eileen Just need ideas for a prom asking using the name Eileen, or just words that have Eileen in them.
Why do we have to fight about weed? Can't we all just get abong.
In class today In my criminal Justice class... **Professor:** In this particular case, the defendant was initially caught attempting to smuggle flowers, orchids specifically into Germany on an international flight. **Me:** Did the defense claim the evidence was *planted?* **whole class:** (collectively groans) **Professor:**... **Professor:** I suppose I walked into that.   
What do you call an audio software program in a wheelchair? Disableton.
Was 1984 good written? Orwell?
Why do people lie with such frequency? Because sometimes the truth hertz.
What do you call a long speech agains perspiration? A deodor-rant
I met a slut who was devoted to Cthulhu She was an Eldritch whore.
What are zombies in good shape? Deathletic.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza today. I should have cooked it at Aloha temperature.
Why was ancient Egypt a humourless place? ...merriment was banned by Queen Never-tehe.
In my free time, I like to cut and dehydrate wood. Might sound complicated, but it's literally cut and dry.
Whenever I undress in the bathroom... ...my shower gets turned on.
Call me a dork, nerd or dweeb it doesn't matter It's all geek to me.
What did God use to hold the world in place while He was working on it? Terrapins.
Yesterday a clown held the door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester. 
Why can't dogs dance? Because they have two left feet
Ancient humans, venturing across the ice bridge to North America, got lost quite often. They found it very hard to keep their Bering Strait.
What word describes the disturbing mixture of sounds when all of the bathroom stalls are being used at the same time? Cacaphony
What happened to the genius samurai who dishonored his family name when he couldn't solve a hachi? He committed sudoku
Everyone should know about corduroy pillows. Apparently they're making headlines.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds.
How did the owls know how to make owl sounds at exactly the same time? They were in co-hoots!
I buy my guns from a guy named T-Rex He's a small arms dealer.
Looking for a robot sex pun. It's going to be used as a caption in a depiction of two AT-AT Walkers having sex. Sex Machine, Artificial Intellicourse, etc. Only those examples aren't quite good enough.
I could never work with a druggie.. They always meth everything up.
I tried listening to a Paul Simon solo album... ... But it just felt a bit Art-less.
You should never eat too many chickpeas... ...because if you do, you'll falafel.
Haha can you help me choose one? Hey guys! Can you help me choosing an awesome name to my new youtube channel? I want it to be a lot of things, and I wanted the name to be a cool pun... In my channel I'll put lots of things like: vlogging, photoshop funny requests, digital painting timelapses, tutorials, story times, challenges, etc  Sooo... if you could help me choosing a name... I'm a girl, almost 18, I love cookies, cheesy jokes, sarcastic humor, dark humor (depends haha), drawing, painting, puns, random things, I have a bucket list that I will follow and put videos about it...  Ohh and I also like Alice in Wonderland (and most recent movies) quotes, like the "muchness" thing, etc (And I loveee the mad hatter)
Hey reddit, have I told you about my hobby crushing soda cans? Whenever I talk about it with my irl friends they say that it's just soda pressing
ME: Are you an oncologist? DR: Yes, why? Me: Well I knew doctors were on call but I didn't know you could specialize in it.
I'm going to open a store that only sells neckties... Think i'll name it... Thailand.
The going wage for sea-faring mathematicians is known as the PIrate.
Bumping into a friend who's an elderly tailor: "Why, you old sew-and-sew!"
I don't know how to console people. That's because I prefer PC  (this post was brought to you by /r/pcmasterrace) 
"I totally nailed that chick!!" said the hammered tool.
I tried going to the library... But they were all booked out.
What do you call it when someone tries to argue about the size of their penis? A phallusee
Why does every day look the same in a monastery? Because nuns are creatures of habit.
Call me a motorcycle Cause I'm too tired 
Why should you never hire an irritable surgeon? They are always losing their patience.
What do tumblr bloggers do on Halloween? They go trigger treating
I was thinking of starting a spice garden But maybe it would just be a waste of thyme.
Let's play a game of "Want to hear my joke?" I used to play this with a friend all the time. I'd love to see a whole thread of these jokes. Rather than explain it I'll just give a few examples.  Want to hear my dwarf joke? It's rather short.  Want to hear my vampire joke? It sucks.  Want to hear my hipster joke? You've never heard of it before.
Why are communism jokes the best? Because everybody gets them.
Do you or someone you love suffer from cheese schizophrenia, where you believe you are a block of cheese? You are not provalone. Together, we can work to get rid of the muenster inside of you.
Desperate Pun Request Hi Reddit!  I am creating a board game involving mitosis and the cell cycle and I need a clever name! I need the amazing punny brains of this subreddit!
Punny-Bone Ticklers: a family heirloom from my grandfather My grandfather loved puns. He'd sit in the bathtub every morning and come up with pun after pun. After retirement, he sat down and compiled 4001 puns into a book, typed up with a typewriter, which my grandmother called "Punny-Bone Ticklers". It included a 20-page introduction on the history of the pun. I'm in the process of digitizing the book for extended family to view, and here are a small sampling of some of the puns he came up with:  * Property has become so expensive in Southern California that they're beginning to sell yards by the foot.  * Things have gotten so bad in New York City that you can even get mugged in a coffee shop on Fifth Avenue.  * Have you noticed that the flu is most common in cities with the heaviest congestion?  * The first American invention was a camping device for fathers, called the pa tent.  * Up in San Andreas, the favorite dessert is strawberry shortquake.  * We think that our cat ate a dozen chicks yesterday, but we can't get a peep out of her.  * Horses are terribly tempermental. They are broken only bit by bit.  * Lotion makers tend to make rash promises!  * The Masseur's Benevolent Association is an excellent place to go if you seek help for the kneady.  * My neighbor has a very successful building demolition business, which he calls "Edifice Wrecks."  * Medieval jousting tournaments usually lasted all day, but they always ended by knight fall.  * In the army, you must be all spit and polish if you expectorate.  * Even if Freud can be loose in his morals, Immanuel Kant.  * A financier is known by the company he keeps.  * Marxism is a philosophy of capital punishment.  * My hilarious surgeon friend really keeps me in stitches!  * The obstetrician was the first of the overpriced labor-saving devices.  * Why are composers to content with life? Because they know the score!  * Please check your history; a gladiator is *not* a happy cannibal.  Since he wrote many of them in the 50s, 60s, and 70s, there are also plenty of mildly racist or generally non-PC puns littering the book. I can't wait to finish reading through this, there's so much *gold* in here.
Have any jokes we could split in two and share? Nope, I sure halven't. 
What's Brown and Sticky? A Stick
MISSION IMPUNSIBLE Reddit, I need your collective minds to create puns based on a certain word, which is below. The pun that Reddit and I both enjoy most will be broadcasted for the world to see. Have fun!  WORD: Flour
Help! Need an interesting team name. I am in an Architecture - Construction Engineering course. I am in a group of four for the remainder of the semester for my Estimating course. What would be a good punny name for my team's fictional estimating company?
Why was Hitler hit with a baseball? Because he did nazi it coming.
Politics as a game show "Politics in America these days feels like the beginning of Who's Line Is it Anyway, "Welcome to the election where everything is made up and what we're actually doing doesn't matter!" And they go on to just make stuff up for our amusement to distract is from reality." - Paul O'Brien  
I didn't choose my nose... but I picked it :P
I need a pun for my science fair project on this I'm doing a project that involves testing uv(a) rays on inside/outside cheek bacteria to see how much damage uv rays do. Thanks! 
Why couldn't the man get a reservation on the moon? It was full.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high She looked surprised.
I'm finally taller then my brother. But I am trying to be the bigger man about it. 
What did the old man say when he saw the gold nugget trampling his garden?  Au, get off my lawn!
Why are drill bits so sad? Because their lives are boring.
If you think about it... A mint makes a lot of sense.
How do Mexicans look younger? They use Oil of olé
Why did the janitor not reach for his broom? It was beyond the pail.
What killed Dracula? Dracula goes for a meal with his long lost son to try and patch up their differences so they can be a family again. They pick a quiet country pub/restaurant 2 towns over so as to avoid being recognised by any neighbours and dress low key for the occasion. They place their orders and start chatting.    Son of Dracula: So, Dad, what has been going on with you lately?    Dracula: Been keeping busy. Some vampire hunter keeps trespassing in my castle, but other than that, it's been pretty quiet. Although my doctor keeps saying that I should cut down on the rich meats.     SoD: Any particular reason?   Dracula: Just some occasional chest pains, nothing too serious.   Shortly after some more small talk, their food arrives and they start to eat. About halfway through the meal, Dracula looks to be in pain.    SoD: Dad, is something wrong?   Dracula: It's, ugh....It's not*Cough* It's nothing.    Dracula continues to cough and starts to stand up before collapsing onto the floor. His son calls for help and a middle aged man quickly comes over and checks, but it is too late. Dracula has died already.    SoD: What killed him? How could something kill him so quickly?    Doctor: Well, I can't officially confirm the cause of death, but I overheard part of your conversation earlier. I think it was the steak.
Shakespeare meets Star Wars Shakespeare in the Park...  Obi or not Obi? that is the questi-wan!
How did the the police officers train for hostage situations? They ransom.
Who was the hottest Pharaoh? Queen Nefertitty
What weapon does a Canadian Jedi use? A PoLite Sabre. 
At the City Council Meeting MAYOR: This 'Stop the Reservoir' ordinance is toothless. We're dammed if we do, and dammed if we don't.
I need your help r/Punny! I'm making a guild for a video game and I've hit a brick wall trying to name it. I want to do something punny/witty and I'm hoping you all can help me!  The theme is a Chicken cult. Bonus points if the acronym is KFC.  More info for the curious: This is for a vanilla wow guild for which I plan some light-hearted RP about worshiping chickens as gods/goddesses. Should be fun right?    Guide Lines:   * 24 character limit including spaces * Acronym KFC (or something similar) * Puns involving chickens and cults  My attemps to come up with a name are as follows  Kult For Cluckers Kluckers Faithul Cult  I know this is a bit out of the normal for this sub but I hope you accept my challenge. Maybe pictures if you guys want them?
Terabithia, from the movie "Bridge to Terabithia" is 1000 times bigger than Gigabithia.
A buddy of mine from Wisconsin makes this snack where he eats cheese with pot It's absolutely rind blowing
I hate my roommate... She decorated half of our room with my little pony and she's always trying to show me her crappy magic tricks. Problem is she only took the time to learn one, I guess you could call her a one trick bronie. 
"Paper or plastic?" "Both. I want a real mixed bag."
Santa only needed 10 reindeer on his sleigh this year... The other two were just remain-deer  
I've decided my new year's resolutions will work better in tiff. (And let's forget about the great jpeg fiasco of 2016, ok?)
I'm thinking of buying new tires soon... That way I'll definitely have a Goodyear...
How do you call a poisoned soup you give terminally ill to end their suffering? Soup de grâce
The people didn't like the criminals killing and stealing So the goverment bandit
Bad new from the Japanese Financial Crisis Anime Bank of Japan is completely overdrawn. 
What did the sheep say when it found a penny on the ground? Better than mutton!
Just saw the new Star Wars movie... It was alright, but the story felt a little forced.
I moved to St. Louis Now I'm in a constant state of Missouri. 
I asked my girlfriend why she gave up her dream of being an Olympic frisbee thrower... Unfortunately it was something she refused to discus.
What do penguins do in a race? They peng-win!
Why did the Rolling Stones party so hard? Because their manager's motto was "Leave no Stone un-turnt". 
A film in which the tomb of a mummified tattletale is invaded by treasure hunters Raiders of the Lost Narc 
What do Snowmen eat for breakfast? Snow Flakes.
This year, my family and I are having a 'Brexit-themed' Christmas dinner... It's the same as a regular Christmas dinner, just without the Brussels.
Santa's helpers... ...are subordinate clauses
What do you call the name of the speed of sound only found on Mars? Mach Watney
I work for a cell phone carrier, a customer got mad at me because our "free phone" promo had some minor stipulations... She then called it a "phony" promotion.  With a grin, I couldn't help but call out the pun. She didn't find it very funny.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Photography pun I just got back from a humanitarian trip to Kenya. While there, we got to do a quick half-day safari with our group's partners. They drive jeep for a safari company, and they're branching out to create their own safari group. While on this safari, I managed to get quite a few pretty decent shots of a leopard in a tree with her kill.   Flash forward to this last month. New tires, new transmission, clogged sink, new dishwasher and garbage disposal. Christmas is very, very tight this year for us. As a gift, I thought it would be nice to print some of the pictures I got from the safari. Originally, we were going to give a standard 8 x10 with a decent frame.   Once the dishwasher, garbage disposal, and sink clogging issue hit last night, we knew that our finances would be shoe-string, at best. After I sent the pictures to our printer this morning, I texted my wife. "Please pick up the prints from (insert local printer here). No frames."  My wife writes back, "No frames? Are you sure?"  "Yes dear. We're pretty broke. Frames are not in the picture."
What did the doctor say to the 1920's architect with lung cancer? We'll take care of it asbestos possible
Oh, just kale me now A while ago a friend of mine was getting ready to travel to Kalifornia. Let's just call it that because he had some bad kale for dinner and started feeling nauseous. I had to hear him kaling and yowling for kalp over the phone, I just couldn't shut him up because he felt so sick. By the time he had to vomit into a kale by the side of his bed, we started to blame everything on the vile leaf. It got bad enough that not even some ginger kale could calm his stomach ache! Anyways, due to the incentive of Kalifornia, he made met me and we got on the plane on time, nausea and all. When I saw him, I knew that he if he were to take a health test, he would kale. It turns out that planes aren't nice to bad stomaches, and he probably would have felt just as bad if he were sent by kale. Anyways, we got there just fine, and made it to the hotel room which overlooked a beach with washed up jellyfish and kalp on the sand. Even with the nice scenery, he couldn't distract himself from the bad stomach ache! I felt like I would have to kale my hand to the floor to ignore the pain down there. We really wanted to go out in a kaleboat, but the waves probably would have just made it worse. The whole experience really kaled in comparison to going on vacation with him when he wasn't sick. Anyways, if you survived this long and mostly pointless kale about our vacation, you must understand that my friend is the fascist emperor of kale puns. He made all of these through food poisoning, and it should be noted that all who defy him will be locked in kale. Now step in line and proclaim "Sieg Kale!"
Who remembers the poupourri commercials? They were the shit
I've just mixed up the Cardiac Resuscitation Equipment with the Lie Detector. But, one way or another, I'm going to *de-fib you later*.
"The anchor's chain has broken," the captain announced. He paused to let the words sink in.
What's the difference between snow men and snow women? Snowballs
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge says, "First offender?" She says, "No, first a Gibson, then a Fender!"
My son and I had a race to get dressed for a wedding It was close until the last item. It was a tie.
If you've seen one shopping centre... You've seen a mall.
I bought my family a boat Because I heard the key to life is relationship 
How do cows hide? Camooflage!
I went to party at a fancy country club today The waiters were all wearing tuxedos and serving us with gold-plated spoons. To top it all off, they served caviar filled dumplings as finger food. It was such a wonton display of wealth!
When the Judge finished examining the evidence, she handed back the plagiarists' work and he received his sentence.
My snowman seems kind of stressed... I think he's about to have a meltdown.
What's the judge's skin color? [NOT RACIST] He has FAIR skin.  PS: It's not intentionally racist.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands...
They asked if my 4 yo son should be in the survey for math literate children I said no he doesn't count.
Morbid pun I pulled the other day Just so you guys are aware before anyone gets offended my family is very much like the Addams family when it comes to humour so this wasn't as offensive as some of you may find it. So my family and I are going through a bunch of boxes getting some spring cleaning done early I guess. Anyways the other day my step dad and mom said that they couldn't find the urn my step dad's mom's ashes were in and it wasn't in the box they thought they put it in. Finally after 2 days of searching they found it and I remarked that was "fantASHtic"!! :D
Yeah I know how to do addition and subtraction... More or less.
I could go on and on about how lovely my lawn looks after I painted it  But I Dye-Grass...﻿
The Pen is mightier than the sword but the Pun... is mightier than the Soared. 
0.8181818181818181818... Never forget.
I took a DNA ancestry test to figure out why I have reptilian facial features, and I discovered that one of my distant ancestors was the Duke of Warsaw. Turns out I'm a tad-pole.
Recently, I had to break the news to my friend about a delivery of fake grass to a passerine bird. It was turf to swallow.
Newtons Law explains the attraction between two masses. Coles Law explains the attraction between Cabbage and Mayonnaise.
What do you call a psychic farmer? A fortune tiller.
A guy kept telling me his friend died from being too drunk and choking on his own sick. I told him to always look on the bright cider life.
What blood type do opossums have? Opossitive!
I got my wife a wooden leg for Christmas. It's not her main present, just a stocking filler. 
What blood types do Taiwanese have? Taipei
A steak pun... Is a rare medium well done 
A screw walks into a power tool store "Sir, why do you need a drill?"  "I was hoping to end it all."  "We have a screw-icide hotline, you know."  "You're not making things any better."  "Oh... I sure did screw up!"  "Give me the drill."
If you ever get cold, go stand in a corner... They're usually about 90 degrees
Laying around all day... Laying around all day may not be rewarding but you can still get atrophy. 
Didnyou hear about the phone cord in the army? It was discharged.
Never trust atoms... ... They make up everything!
Star Wars Three youngsters by the names of Chester Mcdemberhind, Rhonda Eggneffant and Hal Tenaka all were known for their trickery and titles of neer do wells.  The trios favorite hobby? Going in the woods after school and causing trouble.  Unfortunately after school is usually bowling practice and attendance is mandatory. You can never miss bowling.  Why can't you miss bowling you may ask? Because the bowling instructor is a powerful sorcerer and has promised to unleash his wrath to any who miss out.  The three kids on this dark day decided to go against their lessons and skip bowling to go to the woods, as it is uncommon to do so (as well as the day being Hanukkah)   The got to the forest hideout equipped with the "goods" knowing that transgressions may come, but this fun is positively worth the wrath.  They smoked the cigs, drank the alcohol and huffed their spray paint, getting inebriated before their mischief is necessary for maximum fun.  Right before they peaked on their high they set off, their destination: Becca Mildues house.  Becca mildue is a notorious villain to the trio as she always has a runny nose in the sand box at recess and ruins the whole event.  They drove off to Beccas estate and knew exactly what to do.  Chester the brawn ran up to the door and tore it down. Rhonda the brain used her telepathy to know Beccas location. Finally Hal used her stealth to sneak up to the crib and commit the horrific crime of tossing Becca out of the 5th story of the house.  With the deed done they stayed in the nursery and regained their high by snuffing more material.  Unfortunately their celebration was cut short as the cry of Coach Anmadorious was heard.  Looking out the 5th story they saw him, mounted on a massive sludge monster approaching the mountain side estate.  The three knew it was time to fight as running from such a beast would be vastly impractical.  They adorned their weapons and approached the duo.  The coach spoke "you three are done"   Before they could respond he struck.  His blow was quickly countered by chesters great sword  The three go into position and initiated on the beast.  They quickly noticed as they struck the beast it would spawn smaller versions of it and take little to no damage.  The spawn took absolutely no damage from the three and they quickly has to retreat into the laundry room of Becca mildue.   They circled up and strategized how to overcome the beast and knew their weapons would not work, unfortunately.  They then remembered the power of the nostril. Chester was blessed by the nostril lord at a young age and had the power to fit anything into his right nostril (and naval)  They knew exactly what to do.  The big beast had spawned too many little ones that now it's size was reduced to a similar size.  With nothing but small fragile tar beasts they could now strike.  Chester ran out the laundry pile with much gusto, nostrils flared he ran unhindered towards the group.  He will put his spray paint skills to the test as he now attempts to huff all these insurmountable beasts.  As they roared Chester heard a cut off message from his valuable allies...  "...Will huff Tar Kin"
Time for a board game pun thread! Ready, set... Go. 
Sometimes anal sex is a crap shoot.
Why did the solicitor believe in Christmas? He read the santa clause.
I don't get geology I just don't get what they're talcing about
Your whole vibe makes me want to open a punk venue You give me the CBGBs
What do you call a jazz singing elephant? Elephants Gerald
The Price of School Books I was finishing up my English homework and put my book on the table next to my brother. He, as a joke, knocked it on the ground, sideways.  "Ah! You just dropped $80!" I yelled  He responds "what? You paid $80 for that???"  So i said "Ya. If you think *that* price is bad you should see the science books, they're astronomical!"
What's a difference between a nun and a nun? None.
Did you hear about the firearm manufacturing plant in Jamaica that went bankrupt? They kept getting returns because the guns wouldn't stop Jammin.
I'm great at making jokes, but terrible at telling them it's a cruel twist of jape.
Even good harmonica players... suck half the time
At the Pigment Factory: "Did you throw away the old indigo?" "Yes, the dye has been cast."
I know you think sausage puns are terrible. Couldn't get any wurst, right? 
Puns that will make your friends hate you. 1.What does a safe do when it comes across an obstacle? It VAULTS over it. 2.What did the comedian say when a bird didn't laugh at his joke? Wow, Tough CROWd. 3.What do you call a flame grilled tropical bird with an energy drink glaze? a Flamin Go Your welcome 
Vacuuming... It sucks
If you get caught with a pistol made out of jello... Would that be a congealed weapon?
What did the old chimney say to the young chimney? Because I am dying of the flue and will not live much longer, I am now turning over to you this grate responsibility.  As a symbol of my blessing, and to make the transfer complete, I therefore pass this mantel to you.
What type of investment do chemists prefer? They have an affinity for bonds.
My company just sold some equipment to the Royal Navy They asked for the sails manager
A large collection of geography puns I wrote today *If you go pee in France, European. *If you take a picture of a bird in Norway, you Scandinavian.  If you build a car that runs on gasoline, you Madagascar. If the parts of that car you built are making grinding noises, you might need some Greece. Or maybe instead Jamaica nother car. By the way, Kenya make me one of those?  If you're Trump, CHINA!  If you draw on the wall in a bear's cave, you left a Denmark.  Oman I'm on a roll with these puns!  Do you want Samoa? Yemen so do I, but I just got to the bottom of the list of countries and I'm out of ideas. Running out of puns is true Missouri.  **Edit:**  Actually, I Canada few more puns to this list. I'm Hungary for more. But at this point you're probably jealous of my (Lake) Superior pun skills. Don't say you aren't, or you'll be in a *state* of de Nile. Iraq at making puns.   **Edit 2:**  I forwarded this list to a group chat on Telegram and they threatened to ban me. So Iran Russian away before I really did get banned. Decided to eat some Turkey instead, since it is Thanksgiving and I was Hungary.  *the two in that first paragraph were not written by me. The rest were. 
I am NOT a grammar Nazi! I'm alt-write.
Dangerous new drug Given its usual use, shouldn't the dangerous opioid carfentanil be referred to as elaphentanil... 
Why was the french vegan alarmed? because someone invited him over to have a nice chat 
This Tops Everything Everything
I have been thinking about sheep a lot lately. I guess I am a glutton for mutton. 
Did you know there were rumors that the captain of Belzec extermination camp in WW2 was going to defect to Russia? Turns out it was a red Hering! 
What do you say when someone asks how you comb your hair. Countercoifwise. 
What was on the pirate's report card? Seven seas.
If there's wheat in a cage... Has it been bread in captivity? 
What did the thesauraus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll.
I love apples… But I have no idea where with core feeling stems from.
What is a veterinarian? Someone whose diet strictly consists of veterans.
One bad joke I made. There are two people named Nick. What do they wear in common?  Two-Nicks.
I need some puns about Allan Sapp Allan Sapp is an artist who I must make a powerpoint presentation on for school. I would like to include a joke or two for the audience. So can u please help?
Uniform jobs are like toilets Ready for duty💩
What book is better when you read it drunk? Tequila Mockingbird.
Wanna talk about chemicals? Wanna talk about Sodium? Na  Nitric Oxide? NO  Oxygen Magnesium Phosphorus Iodine Sulfur or Fluorine? OMg PISS OFF  ...Potassium? K
One flying carrot to the other: "Beware, a helicop-chop-chop-chop.."
Donald Glover 'Cause now that he's President, it would be even worse if he leaves fingerprints.  Btw, still can't believe that....
me_irl I was going to make a self-esteem joke, but I didn't have enough confidence.
I just love rehydrated raisins They're grape.
Need Paul Puns I need paul puns. something like Paul-ise stop with these bad puns, or these puns are a-Paul-ing, or the bad puns are Paul-uting the atmosphere
What do you get when you combine Angela Lansbury and Bruce Campbell? **Bedknobs and Boomsticks**
Wanna invest in my elevator company? Its stock prices are on the rise.
What did one cell say to his sister cell when she stepped on his toe? Mitosis
Now that is is after Halloween it is time to Kick out the yams. 
The Doors could have been a girl band Cause they have knockers
Ed sheeran's ex had tiny tits .. They say she's in the plus A team 
If you need a shoulder to cry on... pull off to the side of the road.
If someone were to make a definitive list of butts from best to worst... would the ideal position be the top or The Bottom?
How do you describe a cold oyster in the rain? Feeling clammy.
What's the best snack for when you're angry? pissed-stachios
Where do bad hebrew kids go? The Jew-venile detention centres.
You know what really grinds my gears? Shifting into reverse while you’re going 90 miles an hour.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.
The story of Camelot's wild horse While the heroes of the Table Round were able to perform great deeds, there was one day when all the men who served under King Arthur ran up against a challenge they could not win.  In the stables, there was a single horse that was deemed untameable. Any man who attempted to break it found themselves on the ground, sometimes bleeding as a result.  Sir Galahad could not ride the horse for more than two seconds.  Sir Lancelot lasted four seconds before being thrown off the horse.  Even the great King Arthur could not last longer than six seconds.  Most of the knights believed the horse should be freed. None could break it, so it would be best to not try any further.  However, while the knights were discussing the fate of the horse, the good Queen Guinevere climbed into the saddle.  The good queen rode the horse for almost five minutes before casually climbing off the now docile beast.  Sir Lancelot came before her and asked the obvious question. "Milady, how were you able to break this horse when none of us could?"  "Good knight, it is simply because the horse was in-sir-mountable."
Did you hear the news about Kim Jong Un's father? He was very *ill*
Did you hear about the albino beauty pageant? It really paled in comparison to all the others.
I was going to post something about an oak tree here. But it would be acorn-y joke!
I only know german puns. Sadly they are the Wurst.
I put up all my cattle as a gambling bet. Now everything is truly at steak.
Last night, there was a brawl between the Reformed Conformist Church and the Temple of Breakaway Believers. It was a real battle of the sectses.
What do you call a strict German who lies about creating an interesting number sequence? Fibbing Nazi
I really hate Russian Dolls... ...they're so full of themselves.
There's more than one kind of foot fetish... (NSFW, I guess) I'll admit you're a little kinkier than me, because you got excited thinking about toes. But I'm hot on your heels.
Do you think a child that can always predict whats in a gift by shaking it has omnipresents
His girlfriend was ecstatic when they won the giant stuffed bear at the arcade, but he was more blasé He'd only put in a token effor
If Adam Driver Sold His Car Would he be Adam Walker
Three spanish guys saw a gate Only two of them crossed...why? On the gate was a sign that said No TRESpassin
Why did the gay man laugh uncontrollably? Because he couldn't keep a straight face.
What do you call Robin Williams drawn in Microsoft paint? M.S. Doubtfir
What do Captain America's Enemies say while drinking water? Hail Hydrat
What kind of person talk about bikes? A spokesperson
How does a pirate get to Brooklyn? Take the R trai
What did the judge say to the physician cooking multiple dishes at a stir-fry competition when time ran out? Woks up, do
Why is mental math the best math? Because it's the thought that count
My mom found a joint in my room after I had some people over. Luckily, my friend said he'd take the hit
Calculus and Game Theory Pun Doing a project on Calculus and Game Theory, and need a title. Any puns or titles come to mind
What did you just do with my post? You reddit.
An Eskimo goes to the doctor "There's frozen water hanging from my scrotum doctor!"  "hmm... it looks like we're going to have to take some test cicles
What do you call a hard-headed British toddler? Brittle. 
Need a Hawaiian themed pun Asking a girl to prom and we have an inside joke about me wearing Hawaiian shirts. Not sure where else to post this so thanks
Why did the grape lose its political autonomy? It was Concord
Why is Ireland a rich country? No wonder that Ireland is a rich country, its capital is always dublin'
I wrote a book about constipation It's getting good press
What is an Ancient Egyptian's Favorite Snack? #***Cheops!**
What do you call a snobby tea enthusiast? Tealitis
Moana Puns What's a good pun for a new born baby named Moana
What is another way to say “bread and circuses”? PANdering
What do mathematicians do with their spare time? Visualize the 4th dimension
This beer tastes like ass! Butt still..
Why do rogues like leather armor? Because it's made of hide
I was walking through a cemetary... ...when I saw a man crouching behind a headstone. I said "Morning", and he replied "no, taking a shit.
If the states had a 2017 high school yearbook... California would be voted "Most Likely to Secede
Do you know how one used to call the telephone's inventor? It rings a Bell
Why do they call it Outer Space There's actually plenty of space.
Friends tell me to stop fishing off a boat. I'm not giving in to pier pressure
Took a side job I started playing the lute at the pub for extra cash.  Thought they would call me a musician but I got bard.  Can't go there anymore.  My buddy thinks it's because the barkeep wasn't in her minstrel cycl
I'm reading a good book about anti-gravity I can't put it dow
Time flies like an arrow... Fruit flies like a banan
Wife got out some mints so I held out my hand "Gotta pay the tax!" I said.  What tax?  The tic tax
What did the weak guy say when he was sent to the kung fu master underworld? Fu-king hell
I made some shoes out of paper. Had I chosen sandpaper instead, it would have given a new meaning to the term "sandal
My friend said that all the good periodic table jokes argon... But I don't zinc so.
What do you call a column shaped as a cat? A caterpillar  Credit: M
I saw a naked man in the park today punching a newspaper... I'm sure he'll be hitting the headlines soon
Why was there an evil presence in the vegan restaurant? Because the menu was super natural.
Reminder to Vocalists... Soprano and Alto: Stop causing treble for other singers.  Bass singers: Stop bringing us down.  And remember our Grand Staff meeting next weekend... assuming we compose ourselves properly and no one gets a flat from something sharp on the way there.
What would you call an iron replica of Matthew Broderick's most iconic character? Ferrous Beulle
My garden just released their new movie. [X-post from (r/jokes)] The movie they had just released was Broccoli horror picture show, and they spared no expense when it came to the cast. The movie stared Brussell Crowe and the Smashing Pumpkins.   The reviews of the movies just kept coming in.   "This is the corniest movies of all time." - Better Homes and Gardens.  "this movie was spectacular and rarer than the elusive Sasquash!" - Showcase Gardens
Did you hear about the Neutral-Evil Knight? He wasn't all the way evil, Just Mid-Evi
I wanted to be in Dr. Moreau's gang..... ......but I'm not an animal person
A cloud fell from the sky and died RIP cloud you will be mis
That bull statue out at wall street... it really sym-bull-izes something
You want to know what that thing above a dogs arse is? Well, thereby hangs a tail..
What do you call a wise, old Chef? A Sauce Sag
Best Liam Neeson pun Liam Neeson is a huge movie star. He is so busy filming and traveling that he rarely checks his correspondence. One day, he goes to the post office so he can receive all his letters and a mailman asks him to sign a check out sheet. As Liam reads the paper, he notices something odd: right next to his name, the mailman wrote his name backwards. When asking why, the mailman replies: "it's not your name, sir, it's just that since you rarely come here, you haven't seen your mail before and I just wrote it down as a note".   And he was right, for Liam Neeson had "no seeN maiL".  The end
I just finished reading the 17th century novel by Miguel de Cervantes about an ass who works lots of extra night shifts... It was called Donkey O.T
I saw a soldier who survived Mustard Gas and Pepper Spray I guess you could say he's now a seasoned vetera
What do you call a pig that can write with both trotters? *Ham*bidextrous
Did you know the Sun flings five million tons of matter into space every five seconds? Pretty stellar huh
How would you describe the worst trade the Boston Red Sox ever made Completely Ruthles
What do you call an ape who likes to fry? Chim-PAN-ze
What do you call an ape that likes to barbecue? Grill-
What do you call the people in your family who sleeps all the time? Well, obviously they're napkin
What do you call a droid that controls traffic? R2-Detour
I hate JoJo's Bizarre Adventure puns. I can't stand them
THe other day I took off time from work to go fishing after hours of not catching anything I decided it was a net los
I was an early investor in elevators.... I wanted to get in on the ground floor
Snap election in the UK? That could mean that June is the end of May! (Theresa May is UK prime minister
I recently found out that there are actually people who think their cars do not need shocks, springs, or struts. They are obviously in disbelief of suspension
I accidentally ate an uncooked crayon... and I came down with salmonyello
I heard of an offer at my local chip shop where they give you one chip, a drop of vinegar and five hundred pounds cash for free, no questions asked... I thought "I'll take that with a grain of salt.
Keep away from the letters SOGOD... They're damaged goods
what do you get when you throw an eggo waffle into the california desert? San Dieg
Why my students can't bang their pens on their desks I tell them: "You can't do that, because it will make dents in the pen, and today's the wrong day - you can only do that on In-de-Pen-Dents Day!
To those living on the west coast Happy Wester
Chicken It's simple. Just fry the chicken. Which part of it did you nugget
Lumbersexuals (a new term I just learned) "The lumberjack was beat after a long week cutting down trees, so he went into the city to his favorite bar to unwind, but everyone just kept giving him their drink orders
Sourdough is the most well-mannered deli ingredient, because it's well-bread. But it's not the funniest: it doesn't have that rye sense of humor
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are "weakdays"
When doing barbell squats at the gym... It's best to do them early   cause when you're finished it's a huge weight off your shoulder
If all the other planets were rapists... Uranus would get fucked so hard.
One time, this mobster told me that I'd be sleeping with the fishes.  I didn't realize it was a threat. I thought he meant I would take part in a mermaid orgy
A Political One. Think back to the strategy employed by the Tea Party to primary out moderate Republicans and replace them with extremists.   The party kept the same name and in many ways yes kept the same policies, but underwent fundamental changes by replacing many of its parts with new, different ones, while still being the same party.  Would this strategy be called the Vote of Theseus
Funeral I hate how funerals are at 9am or 10 am.   I'm not a mourning person
They told me I was too old to hunt for Easter eggs, but the jokes on them! I prefer mine poached
Trump met the President of China the other day. Trump disagreed with him on some points, and it wasn't always clear who was right. It was a clear case of "He said, Xi said.
What do all great authors have in common? None of them have typo bloo
Hunting endangered animals.... it's ill-eagle
What would it be called if corn spoke and threw shade? A-Maize-Zing
A magnifying glass is a gadget for inspecting things. You could even call it an... inspector gadge
The reason chicken coops have two doors is Because if they had 4, they'd be chicken sedan
Wanna see a number? 3, it's a prime exampl
Where do gorillas keep their beehives? Apeiaries
What did the white boy say to the Syrian leader? Assad dud
What does a robot say when it's getting cold? I'm freezing my asimov
Why trump is good at counter-strike? cuz he got dem 'walls
I used to have a fear of hurdles But then I got over i
Stop resisting they said, Stop resisting I didn't...
Why would you never see Keith Richards picking lichens? Because a rolling stone gathers no mos
You're giving me the folds from the legs of your jeans to decorate my diary with? That's a turn-up for the books
What's a Catholic contraceptive store called. Condemn Natio
Started learning about Proxy War in History class I said "Proxy and War are two words that don't fit, would you call it a ProxyWarOn?
I think pot heads should be Stoned
How do you get a bar of gold's attention? Au
I need a pun for my name I need a pun for my name: Mohammed Sarker, pls help
BNAG That's bang out of orde
Salt Lake City is concerned that too many teens are rebelling by going "Goth" Mormon Emo Problem
Food coloring Yesterday I swallowed some food coloring. I'm okay but I feel like I dyed inside
What do you call a lonely rock digger? unaccompanied mine
Only three more tiles to finish the bathroom. That's almost floor
Why Ed didn't have any girlfriend? Because Sheeran awa
I told Matt Bellamy a pun once He wasn't really aMUSEd, thoug
Why did Kendall Jenner give the police a Pepsi? She didn't want the nation to be soda vided
A bear walks into a bar and says... ... "Give me a whiskey and... Koka-Koala"  "why the big pause?" Asks the bartender.  The bear shrugs. "I'm not sure; I was born with them"   The bear's friend, a panda, walks into the bar.  He eats a sandwich, shoots a gun and leaves.  "He always eats, shoots and leaves when he comes to my bar! I still don't know why!" The bartender exclaims
What do you call a ruined piano player? A-wrecked pianist
What do you call someone who bets with a higher success rate than you? A better better
I was going to be I was going to be a cardiologist but I didn't have the heart
Two guys were stranded in a desert. The first guy was named Jim and the second guy was named Joe. They were starving, and dying of thirst. They kept walking in one direction hoping that they would get out of the desert before they died. They had been lost a long time, and it wasn't looking good.   Then, in a stroke of good luck, they found an oasis. In the oasis there was plenty of water and trees growing. On the trees, was every kind of bacon imaginable. Crispy bacon, soft bacon, even Canadian bacon (even though it doesn't really count). Joe says, "I'm going to go eat some bacon."  So Joe goes and gets some bacon out of a low tree.   Just as he takes his first bite, a gremlin jumps out of the foliage, and stabs him in the back with a knife.   Joe is laying on the ground dying, and his friend Jim comes up to him. Joe says in a warning, "Jim run away. It's not safe here!"  "Why not?" Jim asked.   "This oasis isn't what it seems! It isn't a bacon tree, IT'S A HAM-BUSH!!!"  And he died
I always carry a carpentry plane with me when I'm nervous... Just something to take the edge off. 
How do bees make sure flowers don't reproduce? The pollen-out metho
What's a dog's favorite kind of bread? Puppernickel
Jack of all, Mater of none. Existence is pain. Typo was bitter
I can't believe we still make pennies when it costs more than they're worth. It makes no cents
There's no point in cutting a donut in half Two halves make a whole, and a donut already has on
Pun me So we have a committee in our college which broke all the stereotypes of the pervious years but on the last day we broke a table glass(looks like a coaster) that was college property. So i m looking for a pun btwn breaking of stereotypes and breaking of glass Also we were by far better than than the previous committee so we also raised the bar so a pun for raising the bar but falling of glass could also be use
Did you guys hear about the guy who had his entire left side cut off? He's all right no
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it..
The real Bowling Green disaster ...is Trump's frequent golfing trips.
I get hi from waving Get it?
How is a hippo different from a zippo? One is heavy... `and the other is a little lighter.
Frying magnesium will never catch on as a hobby... It's just a flash in the pan
My therapist said I am and alcoholic and have a problem with alcohol I told him, actually I have a problem without i
it's been a week since my vasectomy and ready to give it a go unfortunately I came up empt
I ate some vegan steaks yeasterday... ... they tasted soy good.
The quality of this tissue paper--- ---is tearable.
What's the pope's favorite chord? G Su
What do comedians in Middle Earth call one-liners? Hob-bits
If you're searching the map for a city in Belgium… …you could be looking for a Bruges
E = m · si ² Nobody expects the Spanish in equation
There was a man who entered a local paper’s pun contest. He sent in ten different puns hoping at ﻿least one of the puns would win but, unfortunately, ﻿no pun in ten did
What do you call 24 inches? A pair of feet
Lost my watch at a party once Saw a guy stepping on it while sexually harassing a girl. I walked up to the dude, punched him straight in the nose. No one does that to a girl, not on my watch
Why won't I ever make a water feature on top of a hill where a lot of baby horses are buried? My mom taught me to never make fountains out of foal hill
Why does Waldo wear stripes? Because he doesn't like being spotted
What do you call someone who makes pajamas? A soft wear engineer.
I argued against spelunking... But in the end I caved
What did the atom say to the other atom it wanted to bond with? I've got my ion yo
What do you call french fries that are taking longer than usual to cook? Hesitaters
I had to call for roadside assistance because my car wouldn't stop crying... It had a nervous breakdown
What do robots use to play poker with? Memory Cards and Microchips
I was talking to a friend about the artistry of a good pun... He recommended me a book: The art of Pun, by Pun Tzu
Me and my friend got into a pickle I told him to dill with i
So I swallowed two pieces of string by accident yesterday... After I crapped 'em out and turned to look, I saw that both of them were tied together.   I shit you knot
There's a Revolution going on in Electric Power Generation The question is: do you want to be leading the charge, or be part of the resistance
I asked someone what the difference was between a macaron and a macaroon. He said "just one letter".  It took a second for me to realize, but then I said "O, I get it
I know a joke about amnesia I can't seem to remember the punch line thoug
A pun from Michael Stevens When asked which law of physics was his favorite, he told us about Cole's law.  Cole's law states that one part cabbage mixed with one part mayonnaise will yield a delicious dis
What do you call a single breast out at night? 🎵mammary, all alone in the moonlight...
A sailor came asking if I'd seen his ship I told him I didn't know what he was talking aboa
I have trouble spotting the difference between a shit heavy metal drummer and a shit indie band... I can't tell my Lars from my Elbow
A group I am in have named ourselves team tree and in the spirit of the name we wanted to use as many tree related puns as possible, please help us! We have the obvious ones like, let's make like a tree and leaf and our group is always branching out, but we would love as many as you can come up with!   Thanks guy
What's the fundamental part of the lion kings circle of life? Simba-otic relationship
What does evil Anakin Skywalker in a yellow cab have in common with people who don't give the government a percentage of their income? They're both taxi Vaders
There should be a store to donate your spit. It would be called the Salivation Arm
Why are some horses religious? They're prey animal
You shouldn't wear glasses while playing football. It's a contact sport
Quite a predickament indeed Someone who gets aroused off of their own flaccid or erect penis would be in quite a predickament
Fossil record... ...it's rock solid evidence of evolution.
There has to be a root cause as to why most people don't regularly eat carrots, but... ...you need to have more than a surface-level interest to make any groundbreaking advances in this field of inquiry. It's important that we to get to the bottom of this matter and unearth some facts with a grounded empirical approach so that we can pull up alongside contemporary science in this fundamental subject
I went to that circle of infant male pigs expecting to have a good time but... It was a little boar ring.
If Simba's uncle was mummified.. He'd be wrapped in a SCARcophagu
How did The Beatles like their pop tarts? Strawberry Filled Foreve
Dan glanced at the small watch he kept clipped to his belt, and smiled. "I swear, this is the most convenient object I own. It appears my schedule would indeed allow for a light Netflix binge," he said, time-waistingly
What is Atheism? A non-prophet organization
Hi! I'm a 35-year-old woman. I live alone and have 22 cats... ...and I'm a severe catholi
Hey guys, what do dinosaurs drive? A priustoric!  Hahahahaha...kill me no
My friend was upset but I didn't have any tissues so I handed her some ham... I gave her a shoulder to cry on
I took a p-shooter to a water fight... They didn't know what hit 'em until I squirted them with it
Scan puns So I work with Honeywell scanners in my business. My boss bought 20 or so scanners and told me to test them out, then give them a name.  Running outta good ones and need some help. Time to shine Reddit. Looking for punny scanner names and reference
What do you call it when you take something lame and ineffectual, and ask it a lot of hard questions? grilled chees
A guy got caught robbing an electronics store... His doctor told him he should "take one tablet a day.
What's a female peacock called? A peacunt
I met a milkman that moonlights as a Mexican wrestler... They called him a Lechedor
What do you call people who worship paper bags? Sacreligiou
Breaking news: Donald Trump got a dog and the gossip is that this dog keeps humping everything. He's horny... Which is to be expected since he is a trump-pet
I'm really good at doing two things at once I'm a real multi-taskKIN
You shouldn't get upset at new football players for making mistakes. That's just the way the rookie fumbles
I keep hearing the word subcutaneous everywhere I go It's really getting under my ski
Challenge: Absorption/Dye/Paint Puns I'm doing a poster on Electron Absorption Spectroscopy, where we measure the absorption of 4 Dyes, and I need a title. My old title was "Dye Another Day" but I decided to make the poster paint themed as opposed to James Bond themed and if possible I'd like a title that reflects that. Thanks
Gaston from Beauty and the Beast... Winner of the No-Belle prize
Which color is a zebra's base color? The debate is endless, and there is no clear answer. It both is and isn't a black-and-white issue
I just called my friend who recently became a pilot The conversation was rather plane and borin
You may not believe me, but every time I go to church I wear a huge parka.. Ice-wear to God.
Friend : You look kinda weird without those glasses. Me : Oh I see..
What is a kitten's favourite phone-network? T-Mewbil
After the March on Washington, MLK needed new shoes. The shoe shop was ecstatic to have him as one of their customers, they left him with this kind remark:  "God bless your sole!
I needed to be cautious while backpacking across the country It was hostel territor
You mustard-mit... Condiment puns are pretty goo
I went to see the dentist today... ...I got an appointment for 2:30
Punny Bday Message My friend is a pun fanatic and I need help with a punny message for her bday card  Help me!!
I saw Herbie wearing his new wig today, looking very relaxed... He was as snug as a bug in a rug
I'm exhausted after running around collecting the first 25 letters of the alphabet in a net... I need to catch some Zs
________________________________________________ With all the puns going around, I thought I had to draw a line somewhere
What do you call someone who doesn't put up with people who are missing phalanges on their feet? Lack-toes intoleran
Beta Apps Frustrated that I refused to turn on automatic updates because they constantly​ update, my husband, giving me crap, summed up his teasing by replying "Well, stop downloading beta apps, then."  Me: "I think you beta app-ologize for being such a jerk right now."  I'll let myself out
True story: my math professor caught a student cheating on an exam today It wasn't a discrete conversation..
This room smells great! Did an air freshener do that? Nope, an incense did
im so done with the lack of rawness in my stea
What do vampires drink? Nec(k)tar
How do bees urinate? They take Apis
My mom's priest's potager chef's container Is also my mother's father's brother's cister
What do you call a mattress made out of corpses? A deathbed
Pun-off 2017 -- Top level comments are the topic, children are the pun. Example:  Top Level: ***FISH***  Pun Level: **I really like fish, but some people don't, they find them really icthy*
Did you hear about the guy who needed a prophylactic? His girlfriend couldn't Ci-al-is junk
Vanilla Ice sampled David Bowie and Queen on "Ice Ice Baby". If he sampled them for an entire album, it would be a...  Bohemian Rhapsody Bowie mean rap C
One time a concert venue booked an 80s hair band to perform after a techno artist... It was a rave and a hair band: two gigs
Which patriotic singing telegram service would Donald Trump hire for the White House? Stares and Strip
The horse breeder always found it easier to sell brightly-coloured horses than pale ones Two reds are better than du
My coworkers couldn't believe I hate puns.. I told them, "Really though, I; Jenn, Hugh, Juan, Lee, hate puns.
The Hard Sell My friend invited me over to play the new Zelda, instead we played a fishing game. I feel like I got the bait and Switch.
You know what they said in weather begotten 10th century Europe... When it reigns it poors
ƒ(x)=e^x and ƒ(x)=ln(x) walk into a party. ln(x) chats it up and has a great time, but e^x stands against a wall.  “What's the matter?” ln(x) asks e^x.  “I'm nervous about integrating,” replies e^x, shyly covering its face.  “Oh, that's simple,” ln(x) replies. “Just be yourself.”    lol calculu
Visual puns to draw on a wallet? Hey I am having an artist draw on my wallet, and I was wondering if anybody had a visual pun idea related to money or wallets? I'm looking for suggestions and I want something more clever than the Futurama meme or a Fight Club reference (the artist hasn't seen it, seriously).  I have a Mighty Wallet and the artist would be drawing on the inner right side if people were wondering where specifically, but I'd like other ideas too for later wallets
If Harry Potter ate something bad and was stinking Ginny out Harry ate something bad, and his farts were extra heinous tonight, so he told Ginny he would be torturing her with the Poocio curse all night. He'd be blowing the sheets off the bed with Stinkardium leviosa.   He's wondering if Draco cursed him with Rectumsempra, cuz his ass has been ripped wide open.   At least they didn't use Shitrificus totalus.
I bought a mattress after a hard day at work I just needed something to fall back o
My neighbour is an Olympian and I secretly really fancy her so I'm helping her out at the opening ceremony... I'm carrying a torch for her
Speaking French between a woman's legs..... Makes you a CUNNING LINGUIST..
The pub at the end of my road only serves brides of Christ... but it's the best pub in the area, Bar Nun
I had sex with some furniture last night... I think it was just the one night stan
So I suggested that we learn about Kendrick Lamar in English... The teacher said, "no, you're gonna study Ozymandias, ya Bysshe.
Help with food (specifically salad) with music theme puns using song title/artist/lyrics....ready...go! So, I'll try to keep this short.  My sister is in the food industry, and is in charge of coming up with daily salad specials.  She's been incorporating music into her 'creations' (think...We Got the Beet..simple).  Anyway, she asked me for help, and I'm terrible.  I asked her to give me a list of common salad ingredients she uses to see if that'd spark something, and I still have nothing.  Anyone have something clever to share?!    Some common ingredients: cheddar, parmesan, blue cheese, mozzarella, feta cheese, ham, turkey, bacon, chicken, hard boiled eggs, kalamata olives, banana peppers, corn, mandarin oranges, garbanzo beans, quinoa, beets, red onion, black beans, tomatoes, cucumber, red peppers, toasted almonds, sesame seeds, dried cranberries, candied almonds, cashews, sunflower seeds, tortilla strips, croutons.   
Newton was trying to solve a math problem When it all, quite suddenly, fell into place
What do you call a speech bashing smells? A deodor-ran
When we die not knowing French well... ... Nous mo(u)rons
Why did the paleontologist take a long time to finish school? He kept taking periodic break
You know what they say about seasons, some are cool, and Summer warm
I'm going to move to West London. I'm really going to do it, I'm going to be a man of action. Sorry, a man of Acton
What would a brain taste like? It'd taste like you thin
I really like pickles I find them quite dilliciou
Why did the bicycle refuse to ride up the hill? Because it was two-tired.                                                                                                                 Kill m
Rising inflections for sale, going cheap. No questions asked
What type of girls do firefighters date? Hose
Request: nursery rhyme or fairytale theme puns Our Brazilian jiu-jitsu team is going to a bowling fundraiser to raise money for a local kids club. We are not the "punniest" of people and so far the other groups have witty groups names that have something to do with their businesses or teams. The theme is nursery rhyme or fairytale and we need to wear costumes and come up with a group name. Hopefully something that isn't too hard to dress up as and if it has anything to do with bowling or jiu-jitsu that would be a huge bonus!
Want to buy a broken marionette? 50 quid, no strings attached
There are 10 types of people in this world Those who understand binary, and those who don't
What kind of diet did the Nazis recommend to citizens? Juice cleanse. 
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for fresh prints
There was an American senator that was sent to Israel to examine its government. Once he returned, he said, "I didn't like their politics, but their army Israeli nice."
Did you guys know diarrhea is hereditary? Yup, it runs in your genes. 
I had some toffee in the shape of a Wookiee today... It was very chewy
My friend took a difficult test on the consistency of ground water today... I said, well water doesnt sound that har
Need a pun -"FAFM" Can someone crack a pun relating to the term "FAFM
What's a baby deer's favorite snack? Foal-iage
What's the scientific name for Apes... I guess it starts with "Hom-"? i no ide
How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A Brazilian
Did you know it took them 3 hours to bury the man who invented the Hokey Pokey? They put his right foot in, they put his right foot out..
Can someone come up with a pun related to the movie "Scream"? I keep trying but I'm very uncreative
My girlfriend just left me. She said I can't fuck N pun. any puns that could help me get her back? >_< (lol
Terrorist puns What do toy call a bunch of terrorist snowmen
Did you hear about that Italian chef that died? He pastaway. We cannoli do so much. He ran outta tym
I went to Mexico and ordered the man tequila They kept bringing me butte
I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey But then I turned myself aroun
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin mobile
How did Bruce Jenner get so much money? They must've been saving for Jenner-ation
Ivan Pavlov? That name rings a bel
Why did the vampire go to the doctor? Because he couldn't stop coffin
Wedding pun I got married 3 years ago to the one I love. The important thing to know about this is, that we served Ceasar salad at our wedding and no one seemed to notice the giant pun... I was a little hurt
Hey, what do you call someone who's passionate about the italian language? A Linguinisti
How do you tunafish? To sea
Breaking Noose! Up next, A Man's Failed Attempt at Suicide
NSFW I've been masturbating loads lately 
What do you call a female wizard who belongs to Nintendo? Nintendo's Witch  (I know this is a stupid pun.
What do you call someone who hates Nazis? Holoclaustrophobic
Any Nora puns? need some puns, the can be uNORAginal.  anything that has the name Nora
On my tombstone.... I want it to read "Not enjoying my jokes when I was alive was a grave mistake"
Why did the banker quit his job? He lost interest
I've decided I can't live on this planet anymore The gravity has got me so depressed
What kind of car does the CEO of Cinnabon drive? A Cinnamon Rolls Royc
The baker cut too many corners and ruined the whole batch He went to a lot of kneadless troubl
Need help with a pun So there's this girl in my class who I want to ask out. But I do not know her at all. We are complete strangers to each other. So I thought out oI should start the conversation with a silly pun around her name ?   Her name is Susan. I couldn't come up with a pun after a week of thinking. help me please!  Edit: Any kind of punny-conversation-starter will do as well. Thanks
I feel like I should tell some pi day puns. I guess that may be a bit too irrational for me
Why can't bicycles stand on their own? Because they're two tyred
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One's quite heavy and the other's a little lighter
Request for the name Kimia Give me all you puns
Did Delaware her New Jersey? Idaho, Alaska
How to get a Japanese mathematician's attention? 1003.14 notice me plz explaination: one thousand = sen, 3.14 = pi, senpai = senio
The other day, my dog found a piece of yarn. It was the END OF THE LINE for him
Newton's Second Law Teacher: Newton's second law is typically written as F=ma.  &nbsp;  Student: What'd you say about my mother!?!
How did the Jewish people learn the Ten Commandments? Through OsMose
What do you call an accounting book for shrublands? Heath Ledge
What's anything that isn't related to elephants? Irrelephant
A friend gave me a pamphlet about euthanizing pets. I couldn't put it down
I saw a video of a lizard losing its tail It was very detailed
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Robert
A man goes to a restaurant... and he can't decide between chicken nuggets or turkey dinosaurs.  The waiter comes over to him to take his order, and the man explains that he can't decide.  The waiter helps him out with his choice. "I personally wouldn't choose the nuggets or the dinosaurs. I think the salmon in hollandaise sauce with dauphinoise potatoes is our best dish..."  "but it might be too sofishticated for you
Why are fish so easy to weigh Because they have lots of scale
What's brown and sticky? a stic
Why is a computer scientist similar to a person who enjoys the music of a former democratic presidential candidate who really liked the environment? They both enjoy Al Gore rhythm
What is Reinhardt's favorite car? MERCYdes-Benz
According to the catholic church, Popeye has blessed sight. He has Pope eyes
So, I have a synopsis of the scene in The Evil Dead where the tree rapes the girl... So I heard this story through the grapevine, about this girl who went camping, she got stuck between a rock and a hard place, it was a stick up and she got penetreeted, it really chlorofilled her up, he even took photosynthesis of her while he did it. She got an S-TREE-D, and it can only be treeted by Professor Oak. She won't be leafing anytime soon, because this caused her to fall into insanitree. It sucks, things like this are the root of all treevil
Male enhancement pills... ..are they real, or just another phallusy
What's Trump's favourite movie? WALL-
Why do mermaids wear seashells? Because B shells are too smal
What kind of tree has the most friends? A pop-u-la
Do you think deaf people or dumb people have more of a disadvantage? I suppose it's a mute point.
Interesting fact about my dog...  He plays too ruff
Everyone knows Murphy's Law - but have you heard of Cole's Law? It's thinly sliced cabbage
What is the most agreeable tank? The Sure, Man tank.
The serial murderer... The serial murderer approached his next victim in the dark of night, slashed at her face, and cut her eyes out of her skull. After the eyes fell away, why didn't she bleed?   Because he caught 'er eyes.
I was going to drink my friend's earl grey... But I didn't really want to. It's not my cup of tea.
Did you hear about the court room artist who got arrested today? I don't know too much but the details are sketchy.
Why does the little mermaid wear sea shells? Because B shells are too smal
You're a fossil sample and I'm an impatient paleontologist Cause I want to date you badly  -Ninja Sex Party lyric
I accidentally dropped my guitar... It was a Fender bender
What's the most feminine chocolate brand? Hershey's.  ...Just sound it out, folks
A man went to the zoo... There was only one animal at the zoo.   It was a dog.   It was a shitzu.
Why do people pee in the Mediterranean? Because it's in continent
Being a doctor Requires a lot of patients and tim
What do you call the rear end of a part man, part lion? It's Sphinx-te
I tried to battle Pokemon with Mongolian jerky. Apparently its hard with dry Horse
What did the Mexican gang member write for his school project? An ese
How is trigonometry like the aftermath of a food fight? There's pi(e) everywhere
Transfarmers! More than wheat and rye
Where does a stock broker dock their boat? Port folio
What do you call a small insect which lived at the docks that's being shipped to another country because it is no longer important? An export-ant
Last name wedding pun?! The male's last name is flowers. What's a cute pun to use with his last name for the wedding? It'll be the hashtag :)
My friend bet me $100,000 I couldn't barbecue on a plane The steaks have never been highe
9 out of 10 jokes I make I come up with.. but eventually I look on the internet for more. I'd say coming from the internet one pun intended
Did you hear about the fish dancing at the bottom of the lake? Yeah, the were dancing a "crappie jig
Why was the rock in trouble for truancy? It was a SKIPPING ston
What's the difference between snowmen and snowomen? Snowball
How is a raven like a writing desk? (Tribute to Lewis Carroll) Edgar Allan Poe wrote on both
This subreddit is just like a dull knife It doesn't seem to have a point
Thanks to cod-liver pills my son is a genius at painting and computing. He’s got arty-fish-oil intelligence
Two molecules having dinner One has heart burn and asks the other "can you pass me atoms?
Criminals must be very pure people... They lead such chased lives
Implicit pun The other day my wife asked me what I was eating.      A pear........     there is more than one of them.....   We both smiled
What's Homer's favorite song? DOH-re-mi
Common Courtesy for Sex? More like common coitus-
Nissan plant Explosion!! In other news today a Nissan plant had an explosion in one of the assembly areas.One bystander was heard to say "Oh look, It's raining Datsun cogs.
A kiss can make someone's day... but anal can make their hole week
A guy was going on a prom date... So he went to the florists to get flowers, but cos everyone was having prom there was huge big line. So he waited and waited and eventually he bought some flowers, then he thought he should buy a suit. So went to the suit shop, but again there was a ginormous line, he waited for a couple of hours then finally got a suit. But he still needed a haircut so went to the barbers hoping there wasn't as long a line, but there it was stretching out the door for ages. Eventually he got his haircut and picked up his date for the prom. They got there and while there she asked him to get some punch so he walked over to the table and there was no punchlin
Drowning sucks. Literally
I like Toyota cars... ...they im-Prius me
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he neverlands.  ---  A repost, but this joke never gets old
The biggest acetaminophen factory is in Bangkok That's why they call it Tylenol no
If two vegetarian rappers get into an argument... ...can it still be considered a beef
My keyboard is making my life fall apart I've not been able to keep tabs I feel like I'm losing control I'm stuck N this situation My days are numbered..
My friend is addicted to Nestea. I told him his habits were nasty
Happy Parade Day! March 4t
I don't always tell dad jokes... But when I do, he laughs.
I need help with bundt cake puns/memes. I'm having a contest at my job. The contest is who can get the most guests to come into the store with free bundt cake coupons. I'm making a score board of sorts and I want to add funny bundt puns. Can you help me with some funny puns? TIA
The oldest of reposts... TIL a bit about the History of Puns.  Puns can be seen all the way back in the oldest stories humans have ever made up. Here's one from the oldest story:  Humans where being "warned" about a Rain of "Kibtu" (Corn) and "Kukku" (sound that corn makes when falling on the floor). But in the Story those words where actually puns for "Kibittu" (Misery) and Kukkû (Suffering).   First documented pun in the history is literally "Corny"..
Puns about white sugar are rare, but puns about brown sugar? Demerara
My farmhand is in the hospital because he was kicked by a horse His condition is pretty **stable**
What do you call a watch you wear on your belt? ...A waist of tim
What do you call a small amount of cinnamon? A cinnaminimal amount.
Math Pun There were three medieval kingdoms on the shores of a lake. There was an island in the middle of the lake, over which the kingdoms had been fighting for years. Finally, the three kings decided that they would send their knights out to do battle, and the winner would take the island. The night before the battle, the knights and their squires pitched camp and readied themselves for the fight. The first kingdom had 12 knights, and each knight had five squires, all of whom were busily polishing armor, brushing horses, and cooking food. The second kingdom had twenty knights, and each knight had 10 squires. Everyone at that camp was also busy preparing for battle. At the camp of the third kingdom, there was only one knight, with his squire. This squire took a large pot and hung it from a looped rope in a tall tree. He busied himself preparing the meal, while the knight polished his own armor. When the hour of the battle came, the three kingdoms sent their squires out to fight (this was too trivial a matter for the knights to join in). The battle raged, and when the dust had cleared, the only person left was the lone squire from the third kingdom, having defeated the squires from the other two kingdoms, thus proving that the squire of the high pot and noose is equal to the sum of the squires of the other two sides.
What happened to my dad's beard? It disabeard
I wrote a book about birds that was pretty successful... It literally flew off the shel
What do you call surfers who love themselves? Gnarcissists
What is the definition of a will? Come on guys it's a dead giveaway
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
I got a job at the bakery because I kneaded the doug
What is the name for the condition of being a male born past his due date? Past dude
What makes puppets so available? They're always on hand
What does a person with a lisp have in common with an erection? It's hard to say the least
Did you hear about the politician with no body? They say he's ahead in the polls
Shortest jokes in the world! 4 words: Venison's dear, isn't it?  3 words: Stationary store... moves.  2 words: Dwarf... shortage  ---- _(c) Jimmy Carr - That magnificent basterd._  I applaud these jokes because each of them is setup + punchline as well as a pun
Why didn't the bike make it up the hill? Because it was two tired.
Enrico's two mallards wonder where all the intelligent aliens are. Fermi’s pair-o’-ducks
Why Should You Never Write With a Dull Pencil? It's pointless
What do you call a cold sword? Excaliburrrrrrr
I hate it when people act oddly I just can't eve
What do you call it when Jean Grey, Storm, Rogue, Jubilee, and Mystique are too old to have children? X-menopaus
Forbidden to purchase food, Euclid's elementary algebraic solution. Buy-no-meal theorem
Taking a UAV drone flying course. This stuff is way over my head.
I'm getting an owl tattoo Who's gonna stop me? Who? Who!
A guacamole is 6.0221414x10^23 guacas. This is also known as... Avocado's Number
Why did the man hate Hot Dogs? Because they are the wurs
The suggestion that I unplugged the subwoofer is a bassless accusation
I asked my friend if he needed a condom on Saturday night. He said he had it covere
What kind of horse did Hitler have? A *neigh*zi
Organizing nuns into a group is habit forming
Had lunch in Chinatown today. We ate a lot, and dim sum.
To be Frank, I'd have to legally change my name. 
What is the second to last letter of the alphabet? Why
After taking his English professor's recommendations to heart, the young math major didn't understand why he received an 'F' on his essay. He even made sure to use a complete pair of graphs
What did the hat say to the scarf? You go around while I go on ahead
Venison is tasty But its a little dee
Why are Planes full of weed? They have to fly HIGH
Did you hear about the plumbers strike? They don't take shit from anyon
Why did the applicant mail a ruler to the company a week before the interview? He was trying to get 30.48 cm in the door
Masturbation... Its a touchy subjec
A Jew makes a mistake at work, and goes to his boss to confess. Jew:- [mumbling] Sir I , um, I .....  Boss:- What the hell Jew? Auschwitz it
My friend brought a bunch of candles to my house today Said we were going to watch John Wic
Why was the musician arrested for pedophilia? Because he like to play in A minor
How is Rick & Morty like an exhibition for a popular Dutch cheese? Eet's a gouda show
What did one tectonic plate say to the other when they ran into each other? "Now whose fault is that?
What's a weeaboo's favourite element? *Manga*nese
The Bob Creamer Group was caught handing out Russian flags at CPAC to manufacture fake news about Russian flags being waved and then confiscated. I guess you could call this a... False Flag
A tribute to the glutes. I might have assthma, butt it could be type two diabooties.  I hope these puns aren't bumming you out, they're just for the crack. I don't mean to be cheeky, although I might be scraping the bottom of the barrel. Butt some of them are easy to get behind  You don't have to be anal about it, its not like you're the butt of the joke. I mean anusthing is possible, I think I'm getting to the rear end of these puns now.   It's asstounding how long this is lasting. I mean I don't want to half-ass it. Okay, I'll leave out the back door, but its so dark out, I can even see the full moon!   Just kidding I'm back.... side. Okay okay I'll bring it to a robust end. It's all behind me now.
An Episcopal Minister was finishing communion which means he has to consume any left over wine or blessed wafers (or bread). He ate the bread and as he went to finish off the wine he saw something floating in it. He figured it either bread or itsnot.   Yes my Dad was a Minister. RIP Dad
I once had a dollar I didn't like... So I changed it
When did the ship come home to party? On its berth da
My friend plays Tinkerbell in the school play. She's a fairy good friend
The only good pun is a dad pun but who am I kidding
Why was the cabinet maker fired on his first day? He just couldn't get a handle on i
How does Billy Mays party? Like it's $19.99
Which of the presidents never committed any crimes? Lincoln, because he is in-a-cent.
DNA is hypocritical sometimes... It can be double stranded
New favorite insult What an UTTER MOO-RO
Need help making the visuals for a meme-based pun The definition of a [fish] hatchery is a place where fish are bred.  I need someone to photoshop loafs of bread into the torsos of fish, so only their tails and heads show, while the rest of them are bread.   Then, take these fish and photoshop them to make it look like they're underwater or like have a watery background so one could tell that the picture was meant to take place under water.   I want someone to help me make a picture of a place where fish are bread. :
I thought of a music pun... but I'll refrain
I need help with bug puns. I need insect puns for the the name of a company who makes food out of edible bugs. It's a packaging project for a graphic design class. I think I'm going with trail mix and the three bugs I'm using are a beetle, cicada, and horn worm. If  that helps at all. I would be eternally grateful!
Famous psychoanalyst encounters icy footpath. Freudian slip
How do you kill a circus? You go for the juggle
Tonight I was walking a girl home from a club and when I asked to come upstairs she seemed surprise that I asked... I told her, that we both knew it _all the way_ along
WWI was quite a lot for the world; it must have been o-verdu
What did the gardener say when asked how many siblings he had? I have one brother and forsythia
What are the best puns for the name "Juan"? My co-worker (named Juan) is tired of hearing things like "Juan" in a million or Juan-derful. So wanted (Juan-ted) to know if there was some pretty good out there puns.
A bit of oil was floating in a puddle creating a swirly rainbow effect It's pretty slic
The city boy asked the ranch hand how to tell a cow from a bull "Just look underneath and count the dangly bits. If it's not one thing, it's an udder
Sunrise When the sunrise showed up, it really **brightened** up my day
Being a Catholic is un-orthodox Thank you, Thank you
I've made a lot of my best friends through chemistry puns. I've found that making them with people is usually a great bonding experience
The UK goverenment decided on a new name for pancakes. It sounds like crap.
Young tomcat desires his mother. Oedipus
Where does Peter Gabriel get his video games from? Stea
The shipping company has announced a partnership with florists to order flowers online to have them sent anywhere in the world It's called UPS-edais
I wasn't crazy about my new haircut... but it'll grow on me, I guess
what do body builder's say after binging? Damn, I ate whey too much.
It's not that the man didn't know how to juggle He just didn't have the balls to do it
Tinder talk Matched with a girl maycell who nicknamed herself "maycellphone", help me put guys i need a good pu
I didn't feel like killing myself But it was worth to give it a sho
I was gonna make some car puns... but I ran out of gas
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives
What's the difference between a steak in space and a steak on Earth? One is a little meteor
If my child is transsexual Does that make me transparen
Kickball team name for plumbing company? I'm usually on the ball with puns (yes, intended) but I'm drawing a blank here. Need your help pretty please
When does a pun become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent
I dressed up as a marble statue for Halloween but nobody noticed I think they took me for granite
Good steak puns... ... are a rare medium well done.
When I die I want the theme to my funeral to be Hawaiian, if you're not dressed up as a Hawaiian you're not welcome. I'm dead serious.
What's the fastest liquid in the world? **Milk**  It's pasteurized before you see it
My first attempt at sculpting was a bust. Thought I'd plaster it all over the Internet
What album was most vocal about the metric system? Korn - Follow the Litr
What do you call a dangerous bride? A thinly veiled threat
A rock kept staring at me. It was astoneishing.
I was trying to learn German But it was just the wurs
I tripped and fell while mountain-climbing... It was all down hill from there.
The lone Subway worker was too busy today and ran out of buns, so there was only flatbread left* He didn't rise to the occasion  *true stor
If you want to major in calculus... the sky is the "limit"..
The art forgeries were discovered when the heads fell off the statues Busted
Snowbank I keep my money in a snowbank. I went to make a withdrawl, but it turns out I have snow money
Where can a monkey get a prosthetic tail? From the pretense aisl
Orwellian: Telling a Scottish man to row a boat better
Link was showing off his boomerang skills. It was a stunning performance
I gave an amazing speech in a hotel conference room Does that make me an innovator
Sure I regret letting my dick pics get out there on the internet... ...but I guess that's just my crotch to bare
What would you call a snobby thief running down your stairs? a condescending con, descending
You can't run through a campground... You can only "ran", because its past tents
I decided to start a rock band whilst looking for a new job We're called LinkedIn Park
What does Snoop Dogg carve statues with? A chisel, my nizzle
I haven't learnt to play classical piano music yet. But it's on my todo Liszt
Stairs make me nervous... because they're alway up to something
I was building a tower out of blocks and decided to use a box fan at the bottom I call it my fan bas
I was doing CPR the other day and that sure is a workout! Really...Gets the blood movin
Did you hear about the flash mob in Baltimore? I've heard it was a rio
Back in Taiwan, I had a pair science project to make a miniature biplane. His last name was the same as mine. And in the end, two Wongs made a Wright
Why did the mama rocket send the baby rocket to his room? She didn't like his attitud
I used an old Stradivarius violin to try and play a piece by Handel. But I baroque it
Who was the best comedian in the Bible? Samson.   He brought the house down
What do girls who are given praise and recognition have in common with eyewear that protects against UV radiation? They're both sunglasses
I lost my remote control Its in a remote location
What do you call a high ranking Russian government official that is also a fish? A czardin
I feel Americans are overweight because... they have too much on their plate.
If a judge uses a word that the jury has trouble pronouncing is it out of his jury's diction
I just saw a donkey fall into a bowl of sugar. Now that's a sweet ass
Where does a Discordian shop for clothes? Fnordstrom
Some day I was playing around with dynamite. And so I was wondering...what if in front of me stand five people, but I can only.. C4
Ravens and Crows A good friend told me a story once. When she was a kid her family would often go to zoos and museums while on vacation. They were in the aviary on one of those visits looking at birds. My friend saw a crow asked the zookeeper a question. "What's the difference between a raven and a crow?" The zookeeper looked at her, smiled and started to answer. "Have you ever heard of a pinion feather?" he said. "Pinions are the the feathers at the tip of a bird's wing that allows it to fly. They are also the ones that people will trim to prevent birds from flying away. Crows have 5 pinion feathers while ravens have 6. So, if you think about it, it's really just a matter of a pinion."   To this day, my friend and her family don't know the real answer to "What's the difference between a crow and a raven?" They are wonderful and intelligent people, but they subscribe to a particular brand of ignorance where a good pun is better than actual knowledge. They call it punorance.    
I once signed up for an orientation course. But I got lost on the way there
Fred was told by a monk to live in the present So he climbed into a big box and got it wrapped up with a bow on top.
An inventor was making a new engine ... but he was having trouble with the fuel pump. Every time the pressure dropped, it would start getting clogged and would shut down.  Eventually he had inspiration, and set things up to work in parallel: now if one intake started having trouble, the rest would still keep it running smoothly.  Lesson learned, don't put all your ebbs in one gaske
English If "womb" is pronounced "woom" and "tomb" is pronounced "toom", shouldn't "bomb" be pronounced "boom"
I just started my new job at the IRS. So far, it's been pretty taxing
Why is it the law that you get punished for doing crime? It justis. Justice? No
I never liked playing high notes. I guess I am a bassist
What's the stage of grief that Egyptians are most known for? De-Nil
What do you call when dogs jump from one woof to another woof? Barkour..
A campsite was forced to freeze its operations for a whole day when a spiteful customer paid his entire expenses in 5 cent coins. The campsite reports that it is the first time that they've encountered such a tent nickel difficulty
Roman priest addicted to keeping felines. Cat-holic
Will glass coffins be successful? Remains to be see
German-English baroque music played across northern Texas. Texan Pan-Handel
What is the genetics of hair color? It's inhairited from your parents
Not sure who Travis is But he really needs to stop making tea, it's ruining everybody's life.  Every time something bad happens, all i hear is "what a Travis tea"
Aussie chef makes sauce thickener out of marsupial fat. Kanga-roux.
Why did the mad scientist deliberately create a huge fire tornado? Some people just want to watch the whirled burn
Cellulite? Or celluheavy
Why can't a bike stand on its own? Because it's two tired. :-)
Why does Waldo wear stripes? He doesn't want to be spotted. 
Why did Superman go to the washroom? It was his dooty
Turquoise is the best color for you... It's cyantifically proven! 
How does a rainbow laugh? Hue Hue
How does a train eat? Chew Chew!
Why was the horse financially well off? He had a stable income.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? because he was outstanding in his field
You can push an envelope all you want... But at the end of the day, it's still stationary. 
Why do Lions never leave the Savannah? Because of the ele-fence!
I should go to a bank... I feel so aloan.  Seriously though, where is everyone?
I used to sell computer parts but then I lost my drive
Why can't atheists solve exponential equations? They (we) don't believe in higher powers.
Where to storks get babies from? "Forced labor camps" - Thunderman
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast...
I try wearing skinny jeans but I can never pull it off
What is it called when someone makes up a new color in their head? [original] A pigment of their imagination.  
Did you hear about the butcher that backed in to his meat grinder? he got a little behind in his work
Did you hear about the guy who got rabies after going into a cave? They say he went batty. 
Einstein developed a theory about space and it was about time too.
We got a banner! Yup we got a banner made up of puns! Can you figure them all out?
What's the definition of a will? (It's a dead giveaway)
I once heard a joke about amnesia but I forgot how it goes
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side of his body was cut off? He's all right now.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger... Then it hit me.
How does moses make his tea Hebrews it
To all the lumberjacks who just logged into this subreddit I've added a little color to /r/StupidPuns. Let this be the area of discussion for improvements to the styling of this subreddit. Suggestions are always welcome. 
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny! 
I wish you'd quit talking about the end of the world… Armageddon sick and tired of hearing about it.
Why do ambassadors never get sick?  Diplomatic immunity
I call my printer Bob Marley... because it's always jammin'
Einstein developed a theory about space... and it was about time too
I got a job as a Zamboni driver But I feel like I'm on thin ice right now.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
So what if I don't know what apocalypse means!? It's not the end of the world!
Whenever there is an earthquake the geologists are always quick to find fault.
In an effort to smooth things over and resolve their differences one gladiator said to the other, 'Let's bury the hatchet and go clubbing'.
Squirrels that just don't care anymore have been seen throwing cashews to the wind.
Oops, I jumped into the pool with my watch on. I don't know if it is waterproof or not. I guess only time will tell.
My fear of roses is a thorny issue. I'm not sure what it stems from, but it seems likely I'll be stuck with it.
If I had it to do all over again, I'm sure I would overdo it.
Often what separates a good pun, from a great one, is just a matter of 'clause and effect'.
Teaching your slinky new tricks is like spring training.
The athlete claimed he long jumped over 25 feet. Actually his best jump only measured 23 feet. This was a clear case of leap fraud.
My shrink assures me that my obsession with the formalization of puns is just a 'phrase I'm going through'.
The testimony at the barbershop is mostly hair-say.
I really would put my wife on a pedestal if she wasn't so afraid of heights.
The bank robber looked so peaceful and innocent lying there under his big fluffy blanket. Just goes to show you, you can't judge a crook by his cover.
It was so hot the other day that even the mosquitoes were dropping like flies.
Just in time for Thanksgiving a blockbuster movie about sweet potatoes, 'The Silence of the Yams'.
Gladys the seamstress was recently inducted into the Pin Pushers Hall of Fame. I guess now she is a status thimble.
Why did the pig stop sunbathing? He was bacon in the heat.
The punctual zombie was undead on time.
The tale of the haunted refrigerator was chilling.
The conversation between the brain surgeon and the anaesthesiologist was mind numbing.
Economists report that garden centers are attempting to stem a fall in the sales of fresh flowers.
Economic experts report that while cactus sales have spiked, aquarium sales have tanked.
The king of diamonds proved hard to deal with.
I had a hand in the puppet show.
Some jokes get dated, other jokes get married.
My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum.
Don't trust people that do acupuncture, they're back stabbers.
I had to decide between making salad with my mom or playing catch with my dad, it was a toss-up.
Why was Farmer Brown angry? Someone got his goat.
What is a duck's favorite game to play? Billiards.
The aluminum foiled my plans.
I really wanted a camouflage shirt, but I couldn't find one.
For summer vacation, I decided to go to north-eastern Spain and Basque in the sunshine.
A sleeping bag is a nap sack.
The deer grabbed the gun and gave the hunter a taste of his own venison.
The inventor of pantyhose really left us quite a legacy.
If you want to keep squirrels out of the bird feeder, just install a little climb-it control.
I've heard about the rumors that I keep vats of acid at my home, but they're lyes -- all lyes!
Whoever served up the wine at that banquet did a pour job.
The political analysts I hear the most from are Don Key and Ella Funt.
I just looked up the word 'apocalypse' in the dictionary. It was quite a revelation.
Ice cold coffee? Cool beans!
It's the barbecue I've always wanted - the grill of my dreams!
Moliere's influence on modern comedy just shows that he was very farce-sighted.
Proper punctuation can make the difference between a sentence that's well-written and a sentence that's, well, written.
I knew the little guy was going to play a prank on me, because of my sense of imp portents.
Bird-dogs are great for music, because they're both woofers and tweeters.
I saw a beaver movie last night, it was the best dam movie I've ever seen.
The policemen said if I didn't pay my library fine he would have to book me.
I don't know what possessed me to attend that seance.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
When buying a lamp a shady deal usually takes place.
He could play baseball, football, basketball, soccer and tennis. He was a jock of all trades.
I could not pull out of my parking space, so I used my back up plan.
The price of the big fan blew me away.
I told my wife that it was her turn to shovel and salt the front steps. All I got was icy stares.
What do dogs do after they finish obedience school? They get their masters.
In very large sponge colonies in the ocean, there's a soaker born every minute.
Mail order cows were first shipped by raft down the Mississippi River. They traveled on cattle logs.
After the first hamburger press was made and became very successful, the inventor got a patty on the back.
Tree trimmers do such a fantastic job, they should take a bough.
I went to my doctor and told the receptionist that I felt like a deck of cards. She said, 'Have a seat, and the doctor will deal with you when he can.'
A friend of mine found out he has the bird flu. He thinks he was a victim of fowl plague.
I don't mind kids playing hopscotch in most places, but my driveway is where I draw the line.
My daughter asked me if I was having fun doing the laundry. I replied, 'Loads.'
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage, so many people got stuck without one.
A Hall of Fame recently opened to honor outstanding female soldiers. It was a WAC's Museum.
My neighbor just got the part for Scrooge in a local performance. I'd love to go see him, but that play scares the Dickens out of me.
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store. I heard I could get thinner there.
The state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch. He was a real trooper.
I know a rancher who has 100 head of cattle, but he thought there were only 99 until he rounded them up.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
I don't get people who stumble into mirrors. They need to watch themselves.
The overweight painter could not lose weight despite years of exposure to thinners.
I wanted to buy my wife some fancy soap, but she would not have a bar of it.
On my chicken farm, I own the birds scratching around on the ground in the barn, but I am paying off the ones sitting on the roosts - they are on higher perches.
I tried hard to get into vexillology, but, in the end, had to flag it away.
Which illness are witches most prone to? Crone's disease.
The cartoon animator felt imprisoned by his job. He could not free himself from his cel.
How can you get a drywall plasterer to finish the job? They barely start and then they stop.
The shoemaker did not deny his apprentice anything he needed. He gave his awl.
The most popular operation for orthopaedic surgeons is upper-leg surgery: very hip.
I was caught studying the periodic table in English class. It was an elementary mistake.
I was in the linen trade, but gave it up. Too much toile.
I got a nasty electric shock the other day, but I wasn't phased.
I pricked my finger badly while trying to find a needle in my wife's sewing box. It was a crewel turn of events.
Having my hair cut for free is the only fringe benefit I receive.
I tried to get friendly with the archer's daughter, butt after he threatened to clout and nock me about, I decided to bow out.
I saw a female deer in my rear-vision mirror. It was case of hind-sight.
I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point.
During his lifetime, the composer Bach was a noted success.
John Deere has just released its most powerful tractor yet. It is the torque of the town.
My wife uses a kitchen implement to shred garlic and parmesan cheese, which I hate. It really is the grater of two evils.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
Never invest in funerals, it's a dying industry.
The police officer blamed his poor choice on arrested development but his superior told him that excuse was just a cop out.
The flower that wilted was in desperate need of a stem cell transplant.
When the ornithologist gave his neighbor the bird he went into flight mode.
When the swimmer recovered from her stroke she decided to dive right into kicking her bad habits.
The man shed a tear as he saw his old storage space come down.
Any type of criticism would aggregate the builder including constructive criticism.
When the golfer with a serious iron deficiency went back to the doctor for a check-up he was told that he was still not out of the woods.
When the train conductor got unfairly railroaded by his boss, his life immediately began going down the wrong track.
November: We start the month out stuffing ballots to elect some turkey, we end the month stuffing a turkey to increase our ballast.
When the pharmacist found out her husband was having an affair it was a hard pill to swallow.
As the farmer passed the gorgeous woman he did everything he could to a tractor attention.
Even though the chef's girlfriend was grate in many ways. She had a temper that boiled easily, was half-baked and extremely kneady.
Some cardinals got their feathers ruffled when the pope gave away the church's nest egg to the poor.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
When asked what it takes to be a great cook the chef said that it boils down to beating the other chefs to the cutting edge recipes.
The electrician worked hard to get in shape so he could perform with Circuit Soleil.
While practicing the drums in the bassment, the boy fell, hit his head, and got a percussion.
The circus performer pulled his trapezius muscles and now he is flying high on pain meds.
There was an archeologist who made no bones about digging dirt up on people.
The first time I used an elevator it was really uplifting, then it let me down.
I knew a woman who owned a taser, man was she stunning!
A monster who likes to ring doorbells is a knock less monster.
An employee got locked in a freezer at the ice cream factory and ended up getting spumonia.
I applied for a position at the hair-replacement company because I heard there was growth potential.
Is a group of fingerprints considered to be a whorl pool?
The constables held the boat thief at bay.
If you make candles you are going to need a lot of paraffin-alia.
I got a job with a company that manufactures trampolines. Now I'll have something to fall back on.
My dog swallowed my engagement ring. I ended up with a diamond in the ruff.
'I got lost in the streets of Paris,' he said ruefully.
What do you call a musician who steals sheet music? A clef-to maniac.
I thought I packed a memory card for my camera, but I forgot it.
The geologist went to the doctor because he had a loss of apatite.
The exhibitionist went to the store because he heard they were having a flash sale.
When my husband asked me if I wanted a new alarm clock I said I was set.
A plastic surgeon who specializes in breast implants is a front end manager.
A chicken farmer's favorite car is a coupe.
Mischievous lambs post their videos on Ewe Tube.
My father's father wanted to know if he could stay with the company in spite of the many changes. They ended up grandfathering him in.
People are choosing cremation over traditional burial. It shows that they are thinking out of the box.
When the shoe store owner discovered that someone had broken into his store, the police pumped him for information.
Philosophers are very Hume-orous people.
'I agree with you wholeheartedly,' said the artichoke grower.
When I found out that the fire department was charging $75.00 per table for their craft fair I told them they could go to blazes.
"Have some chocolate covered cherries," she said cordially.
A reciprocating saw is a saw that gets borrowed and returned among neighbors.
A swan's favorite salad is Cobb salad.
The drug dealer added sugar to his marijuana to sweeten the pot.
I was going to buy some loose tea, but the price was too steep.
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk, and now the service stinks.
When my father took the whole bannister down including the newel, he deleted the post.
There was a report of shots fired in a local bar. The police don't know what triggered the commotion.
Making up puns about the finest soil is the loess form of humor.
A relief map shows where the restrooms are.
I didn't have the faintest idea as to why I passed out.
My brother told me that serpentine is what you use to get paint off a boa constrictor.
When I asked the man how he became a ditch-digger, he said he just fell into it.
A lawyer-turned-cook is a sue chef.
The inventor of the incubator was the first hatch-it man.
'I am presently employed', said the gift wrapper.
My dog was mustard-colored. That made him a Gulden Retriever.
When I was watching the news, I saw a segment on earthworms.
I got my job at the dentist's office by word of mouth.
The hypnotist went out of business because he ran out of suggestions.
The river crested when a factory spilled toothpaste into it.
The man was always leaving himself voicemail messages. He was very self-sendered.
A lawyer who likes to go fishing is an attorney-at-lure.
I was going to have my hernia operation last June, but the surgeon was on summer hiatus.
My friend said that if Watergate had happened in Scotland they would've had Scotch tape.
The man leaned on the printer cartridge because he wanted to tone up his abs.
Zookeepers spot clean their leopards.
The dentist put braces on his patient as a stop-gap measure.
The electrician got his supplies at the outlet store.
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays.
The barber opened up a shavings account.
'I missed the card game,' he said wistfully.
I dropped a tub of margarine in the kitchen and ended up with a Parkay floor.
Why did the termites eat the wooden barrel? To stave off hunger.
They served strip steaks and rice pilaf at the topless bar.
There was a hiring freeze at the ice-skating rink.
Police found a criminal shot to death with exit wounds but no entry wounds. It was an inside job.
When the waiter told me they were out of corn I said, 'That really shucks.'
I finished my trigonometry exam without a secant to lose.
I couldn't decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider, so I mulled it over.
A flat rate is the monthly rent for an apartment.
'Come see my fishpond', she said coyly.
A range-finder is a person who goes shopping for a new stove.
John Deere had a lot of detractors when he announced his invention.
A man brought his retriever to the vet for some tests and had to pay a lab fee.
Superfluous refers to a bad case of the flu.
A roofer got arrested recently. He flashed a chimney.
Greeks can't stay out late because they have a Corfu.
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me.
The origami artist won the court case because he was good with paperwork.
I kept failing to get a job as a butcher because I couldn't just make the cut.
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
I hear the Sylvester Stallone Film Festival got off to a rocky start.
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.
My friend was fired from his job at the road department for stealing. I have to say I saw it coming. The last time I was at his house all the signs were there.
I used my skeleton key to get into the haunted house.
At his trial, the author needed a character witness.
I took a picture of a field of wheat, it was grainy.
The owner of the hair salon had to make cuts on his staff.
When the doctor asked the editor how he was doing, he said he had a problem with his circulation.
I once got into so much debt that I couldn't even afford my electricity bills, they were the darkest times of my life.
I saw this bloke walking into court and he was carrying a large box, 10 minutes later he came out, it was a briefcase.
The skeleton was trying tibia little humerus.
There is a special species of bird that is really good at holding stuff together. They are called velcrows.
Why do trees have so many friends? They branch out.
Getting this job managing a country estate has put me off fried eggs. I'm a gamekeeper turned poacher.
I think Santa has riverfront property in Brazil. All our presents came from Amazon this year.
The best way to make a baseball bat is to carve it by hand. Using a machine is just lathe-y.
Comedians, the biggest joke going.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
Who was the slowest of the ancient Greek philosophers? Aristurtle.
Bridge tolls have increased significantly over a 5 year span.
I can't find my rutabaga. I hope it will turnip.
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
Never discuss infinity with a mathematician, they can go on about it forever.
I don't trust these stairs because they're always up to something.
My cartography job is really going to put me on the map.
If you lose your hearing, is it ear replaceable?
They replaced the baseball with an orange to add zest to the game.
Why did the capacitor kiss the diode? He just couldn't resistor.
A man just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy.
The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched.
If you need something done, call an electrician - they conduit.
Dorothy's dog, of the Wizard of Oz fame, always eats his food entirely - he never leaves any scraps because it's in toto.
The thought of having no alternative to soap never washed with the inventor of shower gel.
Claribell was so allergic to natural fibres that he had to make his clown suit entirely out of polyjester.
Sick fish go to the sturgeon.
I have a difficult time discerning fine jewelry. I guess I've been out of the loupe too long.
I used to work as a high school ceramics teacher, but I got too close to the kiln and I was fired.
I keep walking methodically back and forth. I have to learn to pace myself.
My wife has a cold. This morning she woke up and had her morning coughy.
The race car driver had a checkered past.
I am always sad when I go to the dentist, so I put on music and listen through my blue tooth headphones.
I recycle. I just bought a used Harley.
I have been blogging about my recent surgery and recovery from abdominal surgery. I call my blog 'The Chronicles of Hernia'.
Having been diagnosed with a hernia has bothered me to my core.
When the perfume factory magnate died it was discovered that he didn't leave his heirs a scent.
I was nervous before hernia surgery. My stomach was in knots.
I was just diagnosed as having a hernia. My wife and kids are setting up a truss fund.
I want to open a photo processing store in a developing country.
My insurance did not cover acupuncture, so I got stuck with the bill.
After injuring my upper arm and wearing an ice pack, my wife accused me of giving her the cold shoulder.
I went out with a coal miner's daughter. I guess you could say I was carbon dated.
I tried to update my computer this morning but it wouldn't work. After several attempts, I had that syncing feeling.
I was saddened to learn that my neighbor, who is a respiratory therapist, expired last week.
I don't know why my eyeglass lenses were steamed up. I was mystified.
When our fraternity voted whether or not to permit alcohol, there was not a dry aye in the house.
The thing about vampires is they always have such biting humour.
I searched for designer compression stockings. My wife says it is because I'm so vein.
My elderly aunt loves telling jokes while she knits. She is a real knitwit.
My dentist would simply not stop working on my teeth. He was abscessive compulsive.
My friend brought me a Swedish cake. I later discovered it was Stollen.
I don't use too much wine in making charosis for Passover, lest I get charosis of the liver.
In attempting to cook Japanese food, I bento ver backwards learning proper technique.
We're expecting fallout from the recent layoffs at the nuclear plant.
I simply must find a new podiatrist. My podiatrist has developed such a callus attitude.
When I suffered a groin injury I became quite testy.
Since I've taken the job in The Everglades I've been swamped!
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist. He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress.
As a drug counselor, I get clients by reeferal.
What kind of flooring do alligator hunters use? Reptiles!
After 5 years with the same chiropractor, I moved and had to change doctors. It was quite an adjustment.
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor, who is a taxidermist. After such a big meal, I was stuffed.
Obituaries of those hanged in the old west used to be posted in the noose paper.
I fired the floor refinishers. They simply could not hold their lacquer.
When I got the bill for the engine rebuild, I blew a gasket!
The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig. He was looking for new material.
When I learned what the gun lobby was doing, I went ballistic!
The dermatologist and his wife enjoyed the backyard BBQ, while their children played a game of skin tag.
The airlines have become so cash-strapped, they charged me for my emotional baggage.
Two florists got married. It was an arranged marriage.
In veterinary school we studied the brain of the hippopotamus. At that time most students stayed on the main campus, while I stayed on the hippocampus.
When a neurologist relocates, does he change his mind?
I was kicked out of math class for one too many infractions.
I got kicked out of cartoon art school. I guess you could say I was in suspended animation.
Instead of engaging in my own hobbies, my wife has me constantly helping her in her garden. I guess you could say I am pistil whipped.
The priest was very stern during the service last Sunday. After church I was distressed. I then realized that we had experienced critical mass.
The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless.
My student was late for class, claiming he was in the washroom. I think he was stalling.
If I am afraid of losing my fat tissue. My psychiatrist told me I have an adipose complex.
The chimney sweep wore a soot and tye.
They served lunch at the auto repair shop, but I didn't eat it. It was full of carbs.
At the petting zoo I saw a sheep scratching itself. Turns out it had fleece.
When the presidential candidates campaign in rural areas, do they take a straw poll? When they campaign in forested areas do they give stump speeches?
I tried to play the bagpipes, but the sound coming out was off kilter.
I was fired from my job selling amplifiers. I didn't achieve the sufficient volume of sales.
In high school I recall having a beautiful but difficult math teacher. She was easy on the eyes and hard on the pupils!
My son wanted a scooter. When I told him they are too dangerous, he moped around the house.
The hand surgeon went to the opthamologist to be examined for carpal tunnel vision.
I had a tough time working as a garbage collector because of miasma.
The haughty magician had illusions of grandeur.
The anesthesiologist's computer has an ethernet connection.
I was in a big hurry so I scrambled to make eggs for breakfast.
I was studying in an apiary class. This resulted in me receiving a bee on my exam.
I used to be a watchmaker. It was a great job and I made my own hours.
I knew my wife was pregnant when she looked at me with fertilize.
He won the twister contest hands-down.
There was a big paddle sale at the boat store. It was quite an oar deal.
My hematologist said my outlook is good since I'm a B Positive type.
A clumsy physician who pretends to care is a hypocritical oaf.
My phone has to wear glasses ever since it lost its contacts.
A cloud is most likely to snow when it's relaxed. At that time it's pretty chill.
I try wearing tight jeans, but I can never pull it off.
The toilet paper walked into the employment center two-ply for a job.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
The man who bought too much graphing paper didn't know where to draw the line.
The calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task, but the class discussion kept going off on tangents.
When thunderstorms felt that they weren't getting paid enough, they went on a lightning strike.
If intervening was an olympic sport, he'd win the gold meddle.
When Peter Pan punches, they Neverland.
Once the pilot started lying about his flying, he went into a tale spin.
He crashed while rowing his boat and suffered a broken scull.
The preacher annotated his hymn book making it a guided missal.
Watching a fishbowl is right up my alley.
There was an overflow audience at the new dam dedication.
The way he fawned over her was quite endearing.
Corporal Morel, always the life of the party, was a fun GI.
After three days of fishing, the musician hoped he would catch a bassoon.
The Balloon family name died off when it ran out of heir.
Ralph was kicked off the skydiving team because he couldn't chute straight.
You can raze a tree with a lumber jack.
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
When notes get in treble, bass-ically they get put behind bars. The alto-nate punishment is to push them off a clef and hope they land flat on sharp objects.
John Deere's manure spreader is the only equipment the company won't stand behind.
The experienced carpenter really nailed it, but the new guy screwed everything up.
What is a thesaurus' favorite dessert? Synonym buns.
Molecules boiling points vary to some degree.
I nailed my wood-shop test.
I think I'm going to hire the same landscaper I used last year - he was really easy to get a lawn with.
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting, but now I have an apartment complex.
A hungry traveller stops at a monastery and is taken to the kitchens. A brother is frying chips. 'Are you the friar?' he asks. 'No. I'm the chip monk,' he replies.
My wife kept insisting I do macrame. Finally I shouted, 'Knot again!'
The poet wrote an ode about a tractor. It was a classic case of man verses machine.
I saw a great comedy show in London. Folks were rolling in the isles.
Of all my books, my favorite is the one I received last Christmas. There is no tome like the present.
I hired a zombie to do some work around my house. He is the working dead.
When the musician got in a car accident, his guitar was destroyed. The accident was a Fender bender.
I told the knight that I could knock him out of his saddle. Of course, I was speaking in joust.
He knew his lot in life was to create the world's greatest mosquito repellant. He had a deet with destiny.
Wounds heal better if they are covered. This is an example of gauze and effect.
I control the weeds in my lawn with the help of my friend, Herby Side.
That butler isn't wearing his false teeth. I thought undentured servitude was illegal.
After eating the ship, the sea monster needed an Alka-Seltzer. He said, 'I can't believe I ate the hull thing.'
When a fellow in Venice was planning a party, he asked his wife if they should invite Othello. She said, 'Sure, the Moor the merrier.'
I knew I had to pay the mobster the money I owed him. It was a matter of life or debt.
Shakespeare spent so much time at the Globe Theater because he was bored of Avon.
Shakespeare's parrot was the bird of Avon.
Batman bought a fedora. He wanted to be the capped crusader.
Before becoming a philosopher, Kant worked quality control on a vineyard. His most famous book is 'The Critique of Pure Raisin.'
That podiatrist is very sneaky. Give him an arch, he will take a foot.
The two congressmen disagreed about what sort of pan should be used to cook pancakes. Another example of griddlelock.
Caesar thought it would be smart to walk through the forum one evening. Beware the ideas of March.
The animals at the zoo started rioting. A porcupine was brought in to quill the uprising.
I asked Kermit the Frog what I should use to join the pieces of metal, but all he said was, 'Rivet, rivet.'
The drunk went into the barbershop and said, 'Take a little off the tope.'
The worker at Cape Canaveral wanted to make a sandwich, so he went to the deli to buy some launchin' meat.
People say that as a child, William Shakespeare was very playful.
If climate change is causing the sea level to rise, does that mean that the oceans are getting too big for their beaches?
Buzz Lightyear was following a Japanese luxury car on the highway. When he pulled around to pass, he shouted, "To Infiniti and beyond."
Some aquatic mammals at the zoo escaped. It was otter chaos.
When I saw the White Cliffs of Dover, I realized that the old saying was true. Chalk is steep.
I was only on the military base from dusk to dawn, but it seemed like a fort night.
When the scientist wanted to clone a deer, he bought a doe it yourself kit.
Clement Moore was tying his tie before going to Christmas Eve service. He said, 'Twas the knot before Christmas.'
Quasimodo bought a Ford Focus. It became known as the hatchback of Notre Dame.
The Hungarian inventor bought a baby bear. It became known as Rubik's cub.
I shouted from a mountaintop in Italy and a famous author answered. I definitely heard an Eco.
That cattle farmer is upset. He is raising kine.
It was boring to listen to the prisoner as he kept repeating how sorry he was for his crime. He was con trite.
I drove around the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on my John Deere. I was on a track tour.
The knight stood on the shoulder of the road, looking at his disabled car. He shook his head and said, 'Chevrolet is dead.'
The Spanish author would not bring refreshments to his uncles, but he would serve aunties.
My son's spelling test consisted of synonyms of the word incorrect. He was able to write every wrong.
The historian loves reading about bobcats. They are lynx to the past.
Yogi had a whiskey, water, and tea drink every night. He was a toddy bear.
The woodcutter stretched every morning before starting work. He was a limberjack.
The termite wanted to lose weight, so he started eating more lattice.
The farmer was surprised when his pumpkin won a blue ribbon at the State Fair. He shouted, 'Oh, my gourd.'
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went. Birds of a father flock together.
The Crimean cannibal loved Tatar tots.
The author in northwest Alaska used a pen name. It was a Nome de plume.
Did Gregor Mendel ever win the Nobel Peas Prize?
To add to the punishment, Satan made all the tormented souls listen to elevator music. The Hells Are Alive With the Sounds of Muzak.
The retired general would not help his grandson color Easter eggs, but he did give the boy some cottage cheese. Old soldiers never dye, they just feed some whey.
Popeye had just finished plucking a goose when a gust of wind scattered all of the feathers. He said, 'Well, blow me down.'
I thought Santa was going to be late, but he arrived in the Nick of time.
I really regretted the inconsiderate comment I made. It was rued.
A car can't make you high, but can a bus?
I told the psychiatrist that I was afraid of strangers talking about the founder of stoicism. He said I had zenophobia.
The mass murderer was always grumpy. He was a surly ol' killer.
I went to Cairo, but I don't remember if I saw the river or not. I wonder if I am senile.
If I think I've seen an idiot before, is that a case of deja fool.
My wife's dad spends a lot of time in the bathroom. He is my Father in Loo.
The philosophy student got an 'F' the day he forgot to turn in his Hume work.
When I was a carpenter, I specialized in installing bathroom fixtures. I am very proud of all my vanities.
Tennyson wrote a series of poems about a lazy monarch. He called it 'Idles of the King.'
Attila was coaching a soccer team. He wanted them to win, but his Huns were tied.
The British cannibal enjoyed snacking on fish and chaps.
The ghost never took sides during arguments. He was super neutral.
I wrote a novel about a fellow who had a small garden. It didn't have much of a plot.
The bridegroom got to the church when he was supposed to. He was at the rite place at the rite time.
My friends call me Mesa because of my big butte.
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening. He loved recycling.
That religious fellow fell for the same scam two times in a row. He is a burned again Christian.
I had trouble getting to the University in New Orleans. I had to drive down a two lane road.
The rotting food in the garbage can behind the restaurant was covered with flies. To the vectors go the spoils.
It took the replay analyst a long time to cut his grass. He did it in slo-mow.
Under the full moon, Hamlet turned into a werewolf. Gazing up at the beautiful moon he came up with the famous line, 'To bay or not to bay...'.
I met the woman of my dreams at the base of Mount Vesuvius. She is the lava my life.
The IRS left a message on my cell phone that I owed them more money. It was a taxed message.
Everyone in the family knew that they had to join the spy agency. It was a clan destine operation.
The dessert chef was very smart. He had graduated Pie Baker Kappa.
My foul language has become routine. It is par for the cuss.
When the prisoner was told by his lawyer that he had gotten a stay of execution, he smiled and said, 'Well, no noose is good noose.'
The museum had a 3-D exhibit depicting a modern funeral parlor. It was a die-orama.
The young bovine hated to see the Prodigal Son return since he knew that he was the fated calf.
A carpenter must have been here. I saw dust.
It is tough to do inventories in Afghanistan because of the tally ban.
My sled dog never barks. He is a male mute.
That Star Wars villain loves to talk. Everyone calls him Jabber the Hutt.
The astronomer quit his job to become a barber. Eclipse hair now.
I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted.
When I bought some fruit trees the nursery owner gave me some insects to help with pollination. They were free bees.
The beauty queen is unhappy about her upcoming foreign tour. She will miss America.
The English gentleman could not play cribbage. You can't put a squire peg in a round hole.
When the King asked the fool for a joke the fool just shrugged. He was the court gesture.
When the knight logged onto his computer there was the message, 'You got mail.' It was a chain letter.
That really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans. That is good. He wouldn't hurt a fly.
The fellow died before he was able to write his estranged daughter out of the will. Death before disown her.
Eos is really sad. She is dawn in the dumps.
When the prisoner died just before his parole they put him in a halfway hearse.
What is the favorite game on Navy ships? Seaman Says.
The editor really took a lot out of my manuscript. He cut a great dele.
I once worked at a factory that made boat paddles. The starting pay was ten dollars an oar.
The truant officer caught several kids at the ice rink. They were playing hockey.
During my trip to Italy, I didn't do much. I just vegged out. When in Rome, do as the Romaines.
I have always wanted to hand out carts at Wal-Mart. I cannot imagine a greeter job.
I knew I had gone too far when I cheated the convicted gem smuggler. I had crossed the ruby con.
I wanted to be a clarinettist but I couldn't reed music.
My first job was peddling designer clothing. I was a Dior to Dior salesman.
Smartly dressed poultry would be called chic hens.
When Caesar entered the Senate all hail broke loose.
The ghost practiced scaring people night after night. He was finally ready for his day boo.
The state legislature could not decide whether to fund the water control project or the all weather stadium. It was a no win situation. Dammed if you do, domed if you don't.
When the orchard owner went to trial he was judged by a jury of his pears.
I thought I only had enough flour to bake one loaf, but after I added yeast I had eleven breads.
Those simian figure skaters are very good. They make prime eights.
The pod vegetables I bought for the gumbo I was making were so-so. They were medi-okra.
Would a Mormon working for the Postal Service be a Letter Day Saint?
He said, 'Hones', that is the truth', but I knew elide.
The 'Star Wars' character was nicknamed 'Coffee'. His real name was Java the Cup.
I was enamoured with the famous Paris art museum. It was Louvre at first site.
The Hong Kong businessman left a huge estate when he died. It was the great will of China.
Eugene O'Neil once wrote a play about a visit from an optometrist. He called it, 'The Eyes Man Cometh.'
Eve showed up one morning wearing flowers instead of a fig leaf. She was the first woman to wear bloomers.
When Socrates needed to buy food he went to the grocery stoa.
The trapeze artist had to buy his own safety equipment. Every Friday he drew his net wages.
When Jesus entered Jerusalem, people waved palm branches because they were being frondly.
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet. He had launched a pre-emptive strike.
The smoker always listened to his favorite Rap artist on his smoke breaks. He was a Tupac a day man.
The golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway. Of course, that was just a rough estimate.
When I treated my friends to lunch at the Mexican fast food restaurant I had to pay the taco bill.
During the rainy season I spread out large books for my guests to wipe their feet on. These are the tomes that dry men's soles.
My pet bird can predict the future. He is an omen pigeon.
My girlfriend once gave me a Valentine made of soft leather. What a suede heart.
The workers at that inn are very unfriendly. They create a hostel environment.
How do pinnipeds communicate? With seal phones.
The concession stand at the circus had very good coffee. It was the greatest joe on earth.
One Sunday afternoon the Three Musketeers played a game of touché football.
When the hockey player came home he gave his wife a puck on the cheek.
The port was very beautiful. The sailors said it was haven on earth.
I ordered whole wheat toast but it tasted funny. I think something was awry.
If you write bad things about me I am libel to sue you.
After the shepherd retired he felt ewes less.
I always prayed before my trigonometry tests. I was hoping for a sine from above.
I knew that the spirit couldn't float around very long. What ghost up must come down.
The Fraternity member was hungry so he eta pi.
That convicted killer is calm today, but by tomorrow he will be high strung.
That gas pump must be sick. It doesn't fill well.
The other animals shunned the kangaroo. They treated him like a leaper.
The manicurist went back to college to become a veterinarian. She was great at giving a pet a cure.
The thief was arrested as he left the fortune teller's house. He was caught read handed.
The former Dallas running back told me the most amazing story. It was Emmit's myth.
If I drink a lot of Geritol am I consuming a fossil fuel?
Some people marry for love, others for wealth. That's why it is called match or money.
The statistician attended the dance stag. He didn't have any data.
I felt sick after I ate the scallopini. I didn't veal well at all.
When I found out the fellow took time of work to get a sex change operation I realized something was amiss.
The dictator was really upset about the neckwear he had received as a gift. What a tie rant.
I stole someone else's idea for a stage drama. Am I a playgiarist?
The actor was never quite right after he retired. He had Post Dramatic Stress Disorder.
I support both of my wives very well. I think that's big o' me.
The Junior NCO had sore wrists. The doctor said it was corporal tunnel syndrome.
I was fixated on the pain in my bad tooth. I was abscessed by it.
The Jedi Knight traded in his light saber for a light dagger. He had gone over to the dirk side.
The retired track official has started forgetting things. He has old timer's disease.
I met some cult members who worshiped soup serving utensils. I said, 'Oh ye of ladle faith.'
The obese editor started a weight redaction program.
I get my large circumference from too much pi.
That Italian chef is really annoying. He's making a pesto himself.
I wanted cottage cheese with my meal so I ordered from the a la curd menu.
When the poetess died she went to meter maker.
I bought a computer from The Nero Company. It comes with a CD/Rome burner.
My friend is very paranoid. He says people are either foe him or against him.
Where do you imprison a skeleton? In a rib cage.
What did the man say when the bridge fell on him. The suspension is killing me.
The store keeps calling me to come back and buy more bedroom furniture, but all I really wanted was one night stand.
Helicopter rescue pilots have the most successful pick-up lines.
Careless stair dancers are heading for a heavy landing.
Interest has such accrual way of accumulating.
With circular arguments the possibilities are endless.
The royal pharmacist wore a tuxedo and dispensed with formalities.
I got a gold filling and put my money where my mouth is.
You want to clone yourself? Now wouldn't that be just like you!
I'm not happy with this Origami clothing. It always looks creased no matter how carefully I fold it.
It's a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters but I can Samurais it for you.
The cannibal hitman preferred take out food.
Losing your head in an emergency is a no brainer.
My famous bacon soup recipe began as an add hock meal.
Weight loss mantra? Fat chants!
The aspiring limbo dancer overcame his fear of crowded bars, becoming a significant underachiever.
Mooning is lunacy.
If you invite an insomniac to your pajama party they will be up for it.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
Cloning is a nil conceived idea.
His lofty eye deal was to provide free contact lenses for Giraffes.
Mummies are bound to be uptight.
He learned a new Tantric at the sun clinic.
Outsourcing my favourite ketchup can not have been easy.
If an Egyptian tried to make me sail the long way round I'd Suez canal.
The seed company turfed out my idea for ready made lawn.
Prosecution of the faulty limpet mine manufacturer began but the charges just wouldn't stick.
New legislation forbids anyone but Santa's family dressing up as him, and you must be named in the related clauses.
The Hobbits were put in charge of collecting highway revenue because they're just so Tolkien.
To insure his own survival, Bugs was aiming to see Elmer between two cross hares.
Einstein developed a theory about space, and it was about time too.
When I'm feeling tired at work I just use my smart phone to download a nap.
The other truck drivers discovered that he had been wearing French perfume - it was lorry hell.
Hannibal crossed the Alps because it was safer than crossing the elephants.
If the movie hero of the Matrix was a woman, would she have been called Ingrid?
I have a high fidelity phone - it can only call my wife's number.
My vacuum flask is hopeless and it's a top of the range model - that's the only place it will keep anything warm.
Ducks don't have their palms read - they look for it on the web.
Did you hear about the owl that fell for twin comedians and had two wits to woo?
Contemplating my imminent root canal procedure was deeply unnerving.
If a Greek deity tried on your jacket it would be Titan uncomfortable.
He was teed off with his bad start, driving the ball almost beyond the green, but he was able to putt it behind him.
I might study something at a university that someone once told me about - there is a degree of ambiguity there.
Since her kind gift of a lemon cake I rate her as one of Madeira friends.
Swine were the most influential animal of the last decade.
Your golf addiction is driving a wedge between us.
The luminescent Pelican triggered an air defense alert of glow bill proportions.
The Origami classes saw stationery costs increase twofold.
I practice debating in the mirror but I always come across as one-sided and two-faced.
A prefix is what a man does just before his wife has a word with a tradesperson.
Archimedes set out to invent a water pump and screwed it up.
Is fear of sliced bacon irrational?
An hobbituary to Tolkien appeared in each of the major newspapers, all had a familiar ring to them.
My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me.
The indecisive rower couldn't choose either oar.
Mine safety is riddled with legal pitfalls.
The marine glue manufacturer's plans came unstuck and ended in insolvency.
You can rely on high divers because of their deep end ability.
He's a Freud of psychoanalysis.
Abstinence leaves a lot to be desired.
When asked to picture the perfect modern defensive weapon the Claymore springs to mine.
Does Santa take his sleigh to his magic class or does he take a luge in?
Each time I tried shooting blindfolded I found it an aimless pursuit.
Laparoscopy shows insight.
I had tried passing myself off as my twin but I couldn't live with myself.
I believe I will be able to run my car on politicians promises but I'm having trouble with the fool injection system.
I aspire to be a Steeplejack.
Young horses need a stable environment where they are free to foal up and be reined in before they come to serious harm.
The average ghost is mean spirited.
It's amazing what two or more sinners can achieve together with synergy.
The agreeable tennis umpire was generous to a fault.
Semaphore was flagged away as a form of communication decades ago.
A second chimney is superfluous.
The recycled cartridge business certainly lowered the toner the neighborhood.
I'm inclined to be laid back.
Michelangelo's David is superior to postmodern sculpture - it's an artifact.
While I was repulsed by CPR I didn't have the heart to tell the medic.
He made a slow start in the sport of weightlifting but he picked it up eventually.
Smoking may have ruined my lungs but my fingers are match fit.
They tore strips off my dog before kicking him off that logging ship. He was disembarked.
Weight loss pills stolen this morning - police say suspects are still at large.
What do you call a bald monster? A lock-less monster.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
If you want to hear a quick comeback try walking away without paying.
Old skiers go downhill fast.
When the Grim Reaper sweeps through, we have a brush with death.
I mixed up the cardiac resuscitation equipment with the lie detector, but I will de-fib you later.
I tried sleeping at the gym but it was fitful.
I'm prone to lying.
When the maid found my lottery ticket she really cleaned up.
Arranging Goliath's funeral was a giant undertaking.
I moved onto a boat in Hong Kong's harbour to avoid unsolicited advertising material but all I got was junk mail.
What top does an astronaut wear to the moon? Apollo shirt.
When the cigarette lighter salesman tried to win back his old flame he found that he had met his match.
The fraudulent caged chicken farmer gave himself free range with his egg labeling.
He's got a phonographic memory. He repeats the exact same old lines like a scratched record.
He sold a batch of release spray to someone in jail but it was just a silly-con.
Deep cuts were made in the guillotine industry and heads rolled.
When the drummer moved back in next door there were many repercussions.
Even the smallest egg farms are multi-layer organisations.
The junior librarian was reincarnated as a bookmark because he always knew his place.
The misdirected astronaut wasn't exactly over the moon.
Global warming campaigners lament the invention of the infernal combustion engine.
I was too busy drinking to notice that all my cigarettes had gone ashtray.
I gave my stressed out feline too much elixir. Now it's catatonic.
Crane drivers have uplifting pick-up lines.
Psychopaths always see amoral in the story.
People who lack the patience for calligraphy will never have properly formed characters.
You can't sing with a mouthful of garbanzo beans, so hummus a tune.
I was terrified anaesthetising my first big cat, but I had to feel the fur and do it anyway.
The tap dancer's routine ran hot and cold.
Funniness and cleverness have always been two notable factors for rating puns, but the third has groan in significance.
I tried talking about our future but she just kept bringing up my past. It was a tense conversation.
The new jail tunnel was a runaway success.
The tarantula found his partner online. He spider on the web.
Does my great new smile denture ego?
My blind date's not looking good.
On Valentine's Day flower prices rose to the occasion.
A recent genetic hybrid of a dog and a mirror has given geneticists pause for reflection.
The new drive-thru restaurant for golfers insisted on putting greens in all their courses.
What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces? Natural Logs.
The mass of a ship is measured in keelograms.
A streaker was found dead this morning. Police say the details are quite revealing.
Two fur traders once took a golfing trip together. They played a skins match.
Two fonts, Arial and Calibri, were in the midst of a bad breakup. Calibri said, 'I'm sorry, you're personality is too bold.' Arial responded, 'You're just not my type...'
Hockey players are terrible chess players because they are always getting checked.
Kobe Bryant is a terrible fisherman because he always gets nothing but net.
Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops.
Novice pirates make terrible singers because they can't hit the high seas.
The nuclear physicist took a vacation for a fission trip.
Sinkie The international association of people who dine over the kitchen sink.
As long as the imperial system is in place a ruler will be afoot.
He reminded me the speed limit was 60, but I didn't understand, he was speaking a mile a minute.
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets? I'm excited to see how they turn out.
Cryptographers make terrible drummers. They just sit there, fascinated by all the cymbals.
Flatfish always do their job. They know their plaice.
When trying to curry favour with 16th Century French Protestants, it isn't what you know, it is Huguenot.
Shredded Wheat - a breakfast cereal that used to play guitar solos.
Using a prism allows me to see the sun in a different light.
The hardcore happy house dance club opened to rave reviews.
All births are an Emergency.
Broken puppets for sale. No strings attached.
Eastern European gymnast electrocuted in Pole Volt.
I don't like tops of stairs. They always bring me down.
Lazy people worship a bone idol.
If a Monk throws a hissy fit, is it a temple tantrum?
How does a Welsh man eat cheese? Caerphilly.
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say 'It's not my fault'.
They said he drank 2 bottles of whisky a day, but it wasn't true. He had to scotch those rumours right away.
You should always use basil the day you buy it - as they say, herb today, gone tomorrow.
The author wasn't pleased to see a review of his book on cappuccino's. It said it was all froth and no substance.
Did you hear about the herb who was an all round great guy, did loads of charity work and was always there to help? He was a Tarragon Of Virtue.
A seal has a ball at the circus.
Oncology is the study of car horns.
Lungs are a pair of windbags.
Seamstress is caused by wearing tight clothing.
An angry skunk reeks his vengeance.
A red blood count is a communist vampire.
Santa came down with the flue.
Australian beer-brewers use kangaroo hops.
Deciding what Christmas gifts to give makes one present tense.
A contest between church choirs is the battle of the choral see.
Driving while using a cell phone is veer-inspiring.
Sainthood is a gangster who truly repented.
An umbilical cord is a navel vessel.
A golf course is a foreground.
A dermatologist is a flesh man.
Bookkeepers are problems for libraries.
Labyrinths are amazing.
Marie was curious about radium.
Religious vultures prey for their food.
High school grammar books are parse for the course.
A butter is an angry goat.
Bring about is what a boxing promoter does.
Spoilsport is the harbor where booty is shipped in.
A funny criminal is a silicon.
A novice skier often jumps to contusions.
Crosswords are what you hear when you distract someone working on a puzzle.
A taxidermist specializes in skin for cabs.
Attire goes on a wheel.
When a female sheep turns around and goes the other way it makes a ewe turn.
A synthesis is an essay about transgressions.
Valentine's Day is pure cupidity.
A TV repairman's job is to get set to work.
To vulcanize is to become like Spock.
You use a lumberjack when your tree is flat.
Tire stores are highway rubbery.
When the gastroenterologist retired, he threw in the bowel.
Some Missouri home designers are Ozark-itects.
A locksmith is a key employee.
Labor contracts come just before childbirth.
A sewer is a tailor.
Lamp factories have light workloads.
CPR is a near-breath experience.
Accountant is a royal insect.
A surgeon's comments are incisive remarks.
Iamb a poet.
Carrot is auto rust.
Vampires use must use mouthwash because they have bat breath.
Resale means to go yachting again.
The purpose of the IT Service Department is to be a customer-server.
Overworked physicists put too many ions in the fire.
'We've got the best marriage' is a hitching boast.
Seesaw is how you find a woodcutter.
Doctors send patients to pool halls to find remarkable cuers.
A sports coat worn on a hike is a trailblazer.
Sailing is like oil drilling because they're both crewed businesses.
Ash Wednesday follows Volcanic Tuesday.
A Valentine's Day card is a hearty note.
Art theft is a haul of frames.
Eating oysters can help you increase your mussel tone.
A hurricane is a stick used to encourage speed.
A ship's captain is a sails manager.
Parking - an average sovereign.
The third degree is a diploma for successful criminals.
An egg pulls a cart with a yolk.
A yak is the star of an animal talk show.
A mosquito is the oldest known skin-diver.
The home for rich squirrels is The Nutcracker Suite.
An avionics warning is a flier alarm.
Digest is morbid humor.
An embrace at a nudist colony is a bare hug.
An instructor at an ice cream parlor is a sundae school teacher.
People who listen to long political speeches are bulldozers.
When the Aztec warrior was about to be punished severely, he was so sad he was disheartened.
A weeknight is a tiny nobleman.
Some doting parents are son worshipers.
A summer is a mathematician.
When the town removed billboards, they told people that's how it was designed.
When a woman returns new clothing, that's post traumatic dress syndrome.
A cannonball is a party for artillerymen.
The land where movies are made is called reel estate.
Surprises is the knight in charge of awards.
'Because' is a word to the whys.
A no-fly zone prohibits zippers.
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars.
A harp that was shaved is a bare-faced lyre.
A shotgun is an exhausted rifle.
Historians have extra-century perception.
Was Noel Coward afraid of traditional Christmas music?
Cows make noise only when they're in the mood.
Short-order cooks in busy restaurants call themselves 'pressure cookers'.
The patient decided against an organ transplant. Instead, he changed his mind.
When the head of the consulting team suggested that the canal around the castle be filled up with cement, he was demoted.
A glide-path is a soar spot.
A funeral ship is a sea hearse.
The word 'ovine' means just like ewe.
People who teach drivers' education are roads scholars.
With Iowa crows swearing all over the places, the result was statewide caw cusses.
The hoarfrost that forms on a daycare center's windows is called nursery rime.
Dental care in Panama is called a route canal.
The people who are predicting when all time will halt are known as endochronologists.
The chiropractic author wrote a spinal column.
When the church relocated it had an organ transplant.
The place to trade dresses is called a frock exchange.
A crow is a four-letter bird.
Mathematicians are sum worshippers.
A trick-or-treat route is a fright path.
The fastest, most efficient way to make Halloween costumes is mask production.
The cheap hotel was really a violin.
Optometrists live long because they dilate.
My tailor is happy to make a pair of pants for me, or at least sew it seams.
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine.
Children who fail their coloring exams always need a shoulder to crayon.